Our friends will not buy this analysis, let alone the next analysis we suggest.	Our friends won't buy this analysis, let alone the next one we suggest.
For another pseudo-generalization, I gave up.	Another pseudo-generalization and I give up.
Do another pseudo-generalization, or I give up.	Another pseudo generalization or I'll give up.
The more we study verbs, the crazier they will become.	The more we study verbs, the crazier they get.
The facts are becoming more blurred every day.	The facts are getting darker every day.
I will give you a drink.	I'll give you something to drink.
Fred watered the plants.	Fred poured the plants flat.
Bill coughed out of the restaurant.	Bill coughed out of the restaurant.
We are dancing at night.	We dance all night.
Herman flattened the metal hammer.	Herman hammered the metal flat.
The critic laughed at the play off the stage.	The critics laughed the play off the stage.
The pond is frozen.	The pond froze.
Bill got out of the room.	Bill rolled out of the room.
The gardener flattened the flowers.	The gardener poured the flowers flat.
The gardener watered the flowers.	The gardener watered the flowers.
Bill broke the bathtub.	Bill broke the bathtub into pieces.
Bill broke the bathtub.	Bill broke the bathtub.
They drank at the bar.	They drank the pub dry.
The professor made us sleepy.	The professor persuaded us to anesthetize.
We are hoarse loudly.	We shouted hoarsely.
Harry coughed badly.	Harry coughed into a fit.
Bill entered the forest along this road.	Bill followed the road into the forest.
We drive Highway 5 from SD to SF.	We drove Highway 5 from SD to SF.
Fred traced the source of the leak.	Fred traced the leak to its source.
John danced a waltz in the room.	John danced the waltz across the room.
Bill urinates outside the window.	Bill urinated from the window.
Bill coughed out the window.	Bill coughed out the window.
Bill bleeds on the floor.	Bill was bleeding on the floor.
The toilet leaked from the floor into the kitchen below.	The toilet ran through the floor into the kitchen.
Bill eats on the floor.	Bill ate off the floor.
Bill drank from the hose.	Bill drank from the hose.
This metal is easy to hit.	This metal hammered slightly flat.
They appointed him president.	They made him president.
They made him angry.	They made him angry.
They turned him into a monster.	They made him a monster.
The trolley thundered through the tunnel.	The car rumbled through the tunnel.
The carriage came tumbling down.	The car rumbled down the street.
The bullet blew through the house.	The bullets whistled past the house.
Knee replacement candidate candidate chanted and climbed the stairs.	The knee replacement candidate groaned up the stairs.
The dog barked out of the room.	The dog barked out of the room.
Bill whistled through the house.	Bill whistled past the house.
The witch disappeared in the forest.	The witch disappeared into the forest.
Bill disappeared on the road.	Bill disappeared down the street.
The witch walked into the forest and disappeared.	The witch went into the forest and disappeared.
The building is tall and wide.	The building is tall and wide.
This building is taller and higher than that one.	This building is taller and wider than this.
This building is taller and wider than that one.	This building became taller and wider than this.
This building is getting higher and higher.	This building was getting taller.
Bill floated into the cave.	Bill floated into the cave.
Bill floated on the river for hours.	Bill floated down the river for hours.
Bill is drifting on the river.	Bill floated down the river.
Bill pushed Harry down the path for hours.	Bill shoved Harry along the path for hours.
Bill pushed Harry down the path.	Bill pushed Harry down the path.
The road bends in the mountains.	The road zigzagged down the hill.
The rope stretched on the pulley.	The rope stretched over the roll.
The heavy object pulls the rope tightly on the pulley.	The weights stretched the rope over the roll.
The heavy weight tensioned the rope on the pulley.	The weights kept the rope taut over the pulley.
Sam set himself free.	Sam cut himself free.
Sam gained freedom by cutting off his fingers.	Sam was released by cutting his finger.
Bill cried to sleep.	Bill cried himself to sleep.
Bill tucked himself in the hole.	Bill pushed through the hole.
Bill sings and sleeps.	Bill sang himself to sleep.
Bill tucked the puppet out of the hole.	Bill pushed the doll through the hole.
Bill sang Su to sleep.	Bill sang Sue to sleep.
If the phone rings, it may sound on its own.	When the phone rang, it could ring silly.
The tiger is dead.	The tiger bled to death.
He coughed awake, and we were all overjoyed, especially Sierra.	He coughed awake and we were all overjoyed, especially Sierra.
John coughed, rubbed his nose, and held his breath.	John coughed awake, rubbed his nose, and swore softly.
John coughed soberly on the shore of the lake where he played with Bill.	John coughed awake on the bank of the lake, where he and Bill were playing.
Ron woke up and yawned.	Ron yawned awake.
She coughed when the leaves fell on her nose.	She coughed awake when the leaf landed on her nose.
The worm wriggled on the carpet.	The worm writhed on the carpet.
Chocolate melted on the carpet.	The chocolate melted on the carpet.
Bill loosened himself.	Bill wriggled away.
Alyssa twisted her teeth.	Aliza bent her tooth.
The flywheel spinning eccentrically shook.	The off-center flywheel shook.
The more you eat, the less you want.	The more you eat, the less you want.
If you eat more, then you need to reduce accordingly.	If you eat more, you want less.
When you eat more, you need to reduce accordingly.	If you eat more, you want less.
When you eat more, you want to reduce accordingly.	If you eat more, you want less.
Su Yue was angry, and Fred more admired her.	The angry Sue gets, the more Fred admires her.
The more you eat, the less you want.	The more you eat, the less you want.
Su's anger made Fred admire her even more.	The angry Sue gets, the more Fred admires her.
I think the more you eat, the less you want.	I think the more you eat, the less you want.
The more I eat, the less I want, I'm not surprised.	I'm not shocked by the idea that the more you eat, the less you want.
Obviously, the more you eat, the less you want.	It is obvious that the more you eat, the less you want.
It's not clear that the more you eat, the less you want.	It is not entirely clear whether the more you eat, the less you want.
I want to explain exactly why the more you eat, the less you want.	I want to explain exactly why the more you eat, the less you want.
The more I asked John to eat, the more he paid.	I demand that the more John eats, the more he pays.
I asked John to eat more money.	I ask John to pay more the more he eats.
You are angry, the more we eat, don't we?	You get angry the more we eat, don't you?
The more intense it rains, how fast does the water flow in the river appear?	The more it rained, how much faster does a current appear in the river?
The stronger the rain, the faster you run?	The harder it rains, how much faster do you run?
The stronger the rain, the faster the current you see in the river?	The harder it rains, how much faster do you see a current in the river?
How fast does the water flow in a river during heavy rain?	If it rains more, how much faster does a current appear in the river?
As it rains more and more, how fast does the water flow in the river appear?	How much faster does a current appear in the river when it rains more?
How difficult is it to rain, and the faster the water flow you see in the river?	How fast did it rain the faster you see a river?
When you see the river flowing faster, how difficult is it to rain?	How much heavier did it rain when you saw a faster flow in the river?
When John eats more, please shut up, please?	If John eats more, keep your mouth tighter, OK?
When John eats more, please shut up, please?	If John eats more, keep your mouth tighter, OK?
The more John eats, will you please shut up?	Keep your mouth tighter the more John eats, OK?
Everyone shut up, the more John eats, okay?	Everyone keeps their mouths tighter the more John eats, OK?
Bill could have imagined getting fat.	Bill can well imagine getting fat.
Fred can imagine that the more Joe eats, the fatter he will become.	Fred can well imagine that Joe gets fatter the more he eats.
It is important that you eat more and be more careful.	It is important that you be more careful the more you eat.
The important thing is to eat more and be more careful.	It is important to be more careful the more you eat.
Mary listened to "The Grateful Dead" and she was frustrated.	Mary listens to the Grateful Dead and becomes depressed.
If Mary listens to "The Grateful Dead", she will be frustrated.	When Mary listens to the Grateful Dead, she becomes depressed.
When Mary listens to the grateful deceased, she will be depressed.	When Mary listens to the Grateful Dead, she becomes depressed.
If Mary listened to the grateful dead, she would be depressed.	Mary gets depressed when she listens to the Grateful Dead.
Mary was frustrated when she heard the grateful dead.	Mary gets depressed when she listens to the Grateful Dead.
The more she looked at the picture, the more angry Mary became.	The more she looked at pictures, the angrier Mary got.
Mary was frustrated, she heard the grateful dead.	Mary becomes depressed and listens to the grateful dead.
The higher the bet, the lower his expectations.	The higher the stake, the lower his expectations.
The higher the stakes, the lower the expectations for him.	The higher the stake, the lower his expectations.
The lower his expectations, the higher the stakes.	The higher the stake, the lower his expectations.
The higher the bet, the lower his expectations.	The higher the stake, the lower his expectations.
The more Fred hated, the less attention he paid.	The more disgusting Fred is, the less attention you should pay to him.
The more annoying Fred is, the less you pay attention to him.	The more disgusting Fred is, the less you should pay attention to him.
His expectations are always lower than my expectations.	His expectations are always lower than mine.
John is more annoying than Fred.	John was much more disgusting than Fred.
No matter how luxurious the hotel is, it should always be locked.	You should always lock your door no matter how chic the hotel is.
No matter how luxurious the hotel is, you should always lock the door.	You should always lock your door no matter how chic the hotel is.
No matter how luxurious this hotel is, I do not intend to lock the door.	I don't plan to lock the door no matter how chic this hotel is.
No matter the weather, I will go out.	I go out in any weather.
I want to go out, no matter where the hurricane is.	I go out wherever this hurricane is.
More examples that Mary said showed that Bill helped Fred discover what I did not believe in her.	The more examples Mary says that Bill helped Fred find her, the less I believe her.
The more carefully he writes the letters, the safer he will be.	The more carefully he formulates the letter, the more secure it will be.
The more genius John meets, the more angry he will be.	The more genius John meets, the angrier he gets.
The more people you say will buy, the happier I will be.	The more people you say buy tickets, the happier I will be.
After the exhibition opens, the more people you say will buy tickets, the happier I will be.	The more people you say that tickets will be bought right after the show starts, the happier I will be.
The more times I talk to Joe, the more I tend to think that the less linguistic knowledge Sally taught him.	The more I talk to Joe, the less about linguistics I tend to think Sally taught him.
The richer John is, the more genius John encounters.	The richer John gets, the more genius John meets.
The more articles he reads, the fewer people he thinks use linguistics.	In his opinion, the more articles he reads, the fewer people will go into linguistics.
The more articles he reads, the fewer people he thinks will use linguistics in the current situation.	The more articles he reads, the fewer people he believes that they will go into linguistics under the current circumstances.
The more articles he reads, the less people he thinks use linguistics in the current situation.	The more articles he reads, the fewer people he believes will go into linguistics under the current circumstances.
The more people who arrive, the louder they get.	The more people arrive, the louder it gets.
The more people who arrive, the louder the sound.	The more people arrive, the louder it gets.
The more people you drink beer, the more people get sick.	The more people you give beer, the more people get sick.
The more people you drink beer, the more people get sick.	The more people you give beer, the more people get sick.
The more people who arrive, the louder the sound.	The more people arrive, the louder it gets.
The more people who arrive, the louder the sound.	The more people arrive, the louder it gets.
The more people you drink beer, the more people get sick.	The more people you give beer, the more people get sick.
The more John bought his own photos, the more arrogant he became.	The more pictures John buys of himself, the more arrogant he gets.
The man who arrived on the train is my brother.	The man who arrived on the train was my brother.
Whenever Bill smokes, Susan hates him even more.	Whenever Bill smokes, Susan hates him even more.
Whenever Bill smokes, Susan hates him even more.	Whenever Bill smokes, Susan hates him a lot more.
Whenever Bill smokes, Susan hates him even more.	Whenever Bill smokes, Susan hates him a lot more.
Whenever Bill smokes, Susan hates him even more.	Whenever Bill smokes, Susan hates him a lot more.
After Janet left, Fred became crazy.	When Janet left, Fred became crazier.
After Janet left, Fred became even crazier.	When Janet left, Fred became much crazier.
After Janet left, Fred became even crazier.	When Janet left, Fred became much crazier.
The frequency of Janet leaving is getting higher and higher, and Fred becomes even crazier.	Fred became crazier the more Janet left.
When Bill smoked, Susan hated him even more.	When Bill smokes, Susan hates him even more.
You eat too much and everyone is breathless.	You ate so much that everyone gasped.
You run so fast that everyone can't breathe.	You ran so fast that everyone gasped.
You are so smart to buy a dog, everyone can't breathe.	Did you buy such a smart dog that everyone gasped?
I know how much you eat	I know how much you ate.
I know how fast you run.	I know how fast you ran
I know how smart the dog you bought.	I know how intelligent a dog you bought is.
He ate too much and was sick.	He ate so much that he got sick.
He ate too much and was sick.	He ate so much that he got sick.
The more you eat, the more you want.	The more you eat, the more you want.
I want to know how many people Bill will talk to.	I wonder how many people Bill speaks to.
The longer he had to wait, John would be angry.	The longer he has to wait, the angrier John gets.
If he had to wait, John would be angry.	If he has to wait, John gets angry.
The more his pictures appear in the news, the more embarrassing John will be.	The more pictures of him appear in the news, the more embarrassed John gets.
The more photographs of himself appearing in the news, the more embarrassing John will be.	The more pictures of himself appear in the news, the more embarrassed John gets.
The more times his photos appear in the news, the more embarrassing John will be.	The more pictures of himself appear in the news, the more embarrassed John gets.
The more pictures of him appear in the news, the more likely John is arrested.	The more pictures of him appear in the news, the more likely that John will be arrested.
The more photos of him appear in the news, the more likely John is to be arrested.	The more pictures of him appear in the news, the more likely that John will be arrested.
The more John is dissatisfied with them, the more stories about him seem to appear in the news.	The more John gets upset with her, the more stories about him seem to appear in the news.
John was even more embarrassed, and more pictures of him appeared in the news.	John is embarrassed the more pictures of him appear on the news.
The more embarrassing John is, the more photos of him appear in the news.	John is embarrassed the more pictures of him appear on the news.
John was even more embarrassed, and more photos of himself appeared in the news.	John is embarrassed the more pictures of himself appear on the news.
The more embarrassing John is, the more photos of himself appear in the news.	John is embarrassed the more pictures of himself appear on the news.
His stories seem to appear more in the evening news, and John's dissatisfaction with them is increasing.	Stories about him seem to appear more in the evening news the more John gets upset about them.
If you give him enough opportunities, every senator will succumb to corruption.	If you give him enough opportunity, every senator will succumb to corruption.
You give him enough opportunities, and every senator will succumb to corruption.	You give him enough opportunity and every senator will succumb to corruption.
If you give any senator enough opportunities, he will succumb to corruption.	If you give a senator enough opportunity, he will succumb to corruption.
You give any senator enough chances that he will succumb to corruption.	They give every senator enough opportunity and he will succumb to corruption.
The more lobbyists he talks to, the more corrupt each senator seems to become.	The more lobbyists he speaks, the more corrupt every senator appears to be.
The more lobbyists drink and dine, the more vulnerable each senator is to corruption.	The more lobbyists eat and drink it, the more susceptible any corruption senator is.
Each senator becomes more and more corrupt, and the more lobbyists he talks to.	Each senator becomes more corrupt the more lobbyists he speaks.
The more corrupt any senator becomes, the more lobbyists he talks to.	Each senator becomes more corrupt the more lobbyists he speaks.
Every senator seems to become more and more corrupt if he talks to more lobbyists.	Every senator seems to get more corrupt when speaking to more lobbyists.
If you talk to more lobbyists, any senator seems to become more corrupt.	Every senator seems to get more corrupt when speaking to more lobbyists.
As he talked to more lobbyists, any senator seemed to become more and more corrupt.	Every senator seems to be getting corrupt as he talks to more lobbyists.
The sooner you solve this problem, the easier it will be to satisfy people at the company's headquarters.	The sooner you solve this problem, the easier it will be to satisfy the employees at the company's headquarters.
This is a problem, the sooner you solve it, the easier it will be to satisfy people at the company's headquarters.	This is the type of problem that the sooner you solve, the easier it will be to please the people at the corporate headquarters.
The people at the company headquarters are such people, the sooner you solve this problem, the easier it will be to satisfy.	The people at the corporate headquarters are the people who are satisfied the sooner you solve this problem.
The sooner this problem is solved, the easier it will be for you to meet the people in the company's headquarters.	The sooner you solve this problem, the easier it will be to satisfy the employees at the company's headquarters.
Whose photo do you give to whose friend?	Who did you give pictures of to friends?
It is this problem that the sooner you solve it, the easier it will satisfy the people in the company's headquarters.	It is this problem that the sooner you solve it, the easier it will be to please the people at the corporate headquarters.
The harder it is to rain, how much faster do you see the water flowing in the river?	The harder it rains, how much faster do you see a current in the river?
They didn't tell me which problem, the sooner I solved it, the sooner people would enter the company headquarters.	You couldn't tell me what problem the faster I solve it, the faster the people at the corporate headquarters.
If you solve this problem, you will be able to tell people at the company's headquarters that they are busy.	This is a problem that you can report to the headquarters staff if they solve it.
John saw the man in the room.	John saw the man in the room.
In which room did John see the man?	In what room did John see the man?
Who does John think Bill claims that Mary doubts everyone likes him?	Who did John think Bill said Mary suspected everyone liked?
John cannot visit Sally.	John couldn't visit Sally.
All John can do is not visit Sally.	What John could do was not to visit Sally.
John cannot visit Sally.	John couldn't visit Sally.
Why did John leave?	Why did John go?
I hit the ball.	I hit the ball.
You hit the ball.	You hit the ball.
They hit the ball.	They hit the ball.
I don't plan.	I do not go.
Shall i go	I'm not going
Louise is not happy, is she?	Louise is unhappy, isn't she?
Louise likes to be unhappy, doesn't she?	Louise doesn't like being happy, does she?
Not many books survived, did they?	Not many books survived the fire, did they?
No book survived, didn't it?	No books survived the fire, did they?
He doesn't pay taxes often, right?	He didn't pay taxes often, did he?
He can't pay taxes, can he?	He can't pay taxes, can he?
She didn't see him.	She doesn't see him.
She never saw him.	She never saw him.
She can't be working all the time.	She couldn't have worked.
He cannot work all the time.	He couldn't have worked.
He cannot work all the time.	He couldn't have worked.
He could not have been working all the time.	He just couldn't have worked.
You must not simply not work.	You can't just not work.
He may not only have not worked.	Maybe he just didn't work.
He cannot work all the time.	He couldn't have worked.
Can't he work all the time?	Can't he have worked?
Can he not go to work?	Can't he have worked?
John writes a book.	John wrote books.
John didn't write a book.	John has not written any books.
John thought: ``I am very happy. ''	"I'm so happy," thought John.
John rolling down the mountain.	John rolled down the hill.
John often kisses Mary.	John kisses Mary often.
Who do you think Mary said John likes?	What do you think who Mary says John likes?
Who do you think Mary said John likes?	Who do you think Mary said John liked?
How do you think Mary solved the problem?	How do you think Mary solved the problem?
How do you think Mary solved the problem?	How did you think Mary solved the problem?
Mary hired a man.	Mary hired someone.
I heard that Mary hired someone.	I heard that Mary hired someone.
I quit because Mary hired someone.	I resigned because Mary had hired someone.
Mary wanted to know which photo of Bill he saw?	Mary wondered what picture Bill saw of herself.
Mary thought that John said Susan liked which photo of himself?	What picture of herself does Mary think John said Susan likes?
Does Mary think John said that Susan likes his pictures?	Mary thinks John said pictures of her like Susan?
If you don’t believe me, will you become a meteorologist?	If you don't believe me, will you be the weatherman?
I rolled up the newspaper and Lynn made a magazine?	I rolled up a newspaper and Lynn made a magazine?
Kathy likes astronomy, but is she not good at it?	Kathy likes astronomy but not meteorology?
DA proved Jones guilty, Assistant DA proved Smith.	The prosecutor has found Jones guilty and the deputy prosecutor will prove Smith.
Mary will believe Susan, and you will Bob.	Mary will believe Susan and you will become Bob.
You may not believe me, but you will Bob.	You may not believe me, but you will, Bob.
How did you solve the problem?	How did you solve the problem?
I don't know who can solve the problem in this way.	I wonder who could solve the problem this way.
No candidate can predict how many people will vote for him.	No candidate can predict how many people will vote for him.
When the press began to attack him, every politician was worried.	Every politician is concerned when the press attacks him.
Which politician has appointed a journalist to support him?	Which politician appointed the journalist who supported him?
John sells books, Mary buys records and Bill V newspapers.	John sells books, Mary buys records and Bill V newspapers.
The question of whether John met Mary worried the supporters.	The question of whether John met Mary worries the people who support her.
They left.	You are gone.
Did they leave?	Did you go?
Can they leave?	Could they have gone
He has often met Mary.	He saw Mary a lot.
He, I often see Mary.	He I see Mary often.
It seems that John might win.	It seems that it is likely that John will win.
John seems likely to win.	It seems that John is likely to win.
John seems likely to win.	John probably seems to be winning.
How smart do you think John is?	How intelligent do you think John is?
he has gone.	He is gone.
His book is very good.	His book is beautiful.
Bill saw him.	Bill saw him.
Bill worked with him.	Bill works with him.
John thinks he is a good person.	John thinks he's a nice guy.
John thinks he is a good person.	John thinks he's a nice guy.
For him, this is wrong.	That would be a mistake for him.
He was ill and the team was in trouble.	If he is sick, the team is in trouble.
John thinks he is sick.	John thinks he's sick.
Who do you think Bill likes?	What do you think whom Bill likes?
Who do you think Bill believes is innocent?	Who do you think Bill is innocent?
Someone stole my car.	Someone stole my car.
My car was stolen.	My car was stolen.
John often kisses Mary.	John has kissed Mary many times.
The children ate chocolate.	The kids all ate the chocolate.
Usually, he understands what happened.	In general, he understands what's going on.
Overall, he is likely to understand what is happening.	It is likely that he generally understands what's going on.
I explained how to fix the sink.	I explained how to fix the sink.
I explained how to repair the sink.	I explained how we should fix the sink.
I explained that we should repair the sink.	I explained that we should fix the sink.
Mickey looked up for reference.	Mickey looked up the reference.
Mickey looked up for reference.	Mickey looked up the reference.
Mickey looked up at them.	Mickey looked at her.
Mickey cooperates with the women.	Mickey teamed up with the women.
Mickey pointed out that Gary had left.	Mickey indicated that Gary had left.
Mickey kept slipping.	Mickey slips all the time.
What does John think Mary bought?	What does John think Mary bought?
John wants to know what Mary bought.	John wonders what Mary bought.
Who bought what?	Who bought what?
Who is reading a book that criticizes whom?	Who reads a book that criticizes whom?
Who remembers where we bought it?	Who remembers where we bought what?
There are not many linguistic students here.	There are not many linguistics students here.
I have not met many linguistic students.	I haven't met many linguistics students.
What does every student buy?	What does every student buy?
I need Sally there.	I need Sally to be there.
The ship sank to collect insurance.	The boat was sunk to collect the insurance.
John wants to win.	John wants to win.
The bed was not made.	The bed was unmade.
John didn't know.	John was unknown.
We know that John is the murderer.	We knew John was the killer.
He fed the children.	He fed the children.
The children are uneducated.	The children were illiterate.
The children have no discipline.	The children were undisciplined.
I believe these students like John.	I believed that these students all like John.
They tried everyone to like John.	They all tried to like John.
I believe these students like John.	I believed that these students all like John.
Do you believe that he tried to talk to students?	Did you think he ever tried to speak to the student?
Has he ever tried to pay attention to the needs of students?	Did he ever try to pay attention to the needs of the students?
Do you believe that he tried to talk to students?	Did you think he ever tried to speak to the student?
Perform a typical analysis to understand the subject being understood.	Develop an analysis that is typical of this view of understood topics.
They are considered very hardworking.	It was believed that they were all very hard-working.
Did he believe that he failed students?	Was it believed that he ever failed students?
There are more and more discussions on these issues.	There is increasing discussion about these topics.
John seems to be a great linguist.	John seemed to be a great linguist.
There must be a storm tonight.	It promises to be a storm tonight.
John strives to succeed.	John strived to be successful.
John wants to improve his life.	John wanted to improve his life.
John expects to win.	John expected to win.
This book is too dense to be read in one go.	This book is too dense to be read in one session.
John tried it.	John tried.
John remembers.	John remembered.
John was rejected.	John is rejected.
John forgot.	John forgot.
They all seem to like John.	They all seemed to like John.
John thought Sally was very polite.	John thinks Sally is polite.
I believe John is a good person wholeheartedly.	I believe that John is a good person with all of his heart.
We hope John wins.	We want John to win.
We want John to be a candidate.	We would prefer John to be the candidate.
I hope John wins.	I want John to win.
I hate John to win.	I would hate it if John won.
I want John to be a candidate.	I would prefer John to be the candidate.
John destroyed the house.	John destroyed the house.
The electrode emits ions into the medium.	The electrode emitted ions into the medium.
Ions hit the electrode.	Ions hit the electrode.
The medium contains ions.	The medium contains ions.
Ions leave the electrode.	Ions left the electrode.
The electrode is struck by ions.	The electrode was hit by ions.
The ball is in the box.	The ball is in the box.
The ball rolled from the bush to the tree.	The ball rolled from the bush to the tree.
There are balls in the box.	The box contains the ball.
The tree dropped the fruit on the ground.	The tree dropped fruit on the ground.
The fruit fell from the tree.	Fruit hit the ground from the tree.
The stone hit the pole.	The stone knocked against the bar in the street.
The stone hit the pole against the road.	The stone threw the pole on the street.
There are balls in the box.	The box contained the ball.
The tree gradually dropped its fruit to the ground.	The tree gradually dropped its fruit to the ground.
The tree dropped its fruit on the ground.	The tree dropped its fruit to the ground.
The fruit hit the roof.	Fruit hit the roof.
Fruit hit the roof from the tree.	Fruit hit the roof from the tree.
The fruit immediately hit the roof from the tree.	Fruit immediately hit the roof from the tree.
The fruit fell from the tree.	Fruit fell from the tree.
The tree became an oak.	The tree turned into an oak.
The tree changed from maple to oak.	The tree turned from a maple to an oak.
The maple changed from cedar to oak.	The maple turned into a cedar oak.
The maple became an oak.	The maple turned into an oak.
Oak grows from maple trees.	The oak developed from a maple.
The train arrived at the station.	The train reached the station.
The branches hit the wall.	The branches knocked on the wall.
The child became a man.	The child became a man.
The party lasted until midnight.	The party lasted until midnight.
The dog is crazy.	The dog went crazy.
John felt this way.	John noticed that it was.
This is the way to John.	It came to John that it was.
The snake saw the nest.	The snake looked into the nest.
Hard work produced high scores.	Hard work led to high grades.
The farm was handed over to John.	The farm passed to John.
John is touching the wall.	John touches the wall.
John is stroking the wall.	John touches the wall.
The bear occupied the cave.	A bear is occupying the cave.
The bear perched in the cave.	A bear lives in the cave.
The water filled the bathtub.	Water fills the tub.
The power supply is connected to the house circuit in the basement.	The electrical main leads into the house circuit in the basement.
The house circuit is connected by the power supply in the basement.	The house circuit is connected through the main electrical line in the basement.
The fence straddled the sidewalk.	The fence spans the sidewalk.
The sidewalk is surrounded by fences.	The fence spans the sidewalk.
People with a book.	The man with the book.
Gas escaped from the tube.	Gas came out of the tube.
The terrorist escaped from the cell.	The terrorist escaped from the prison cell.
The prison cell was escaped by terrorists.	The terrorist escaped the prison cell.
The rolling stone bypassed the river.	The rolling stone avoided the river.
The river was abandoned by rolling stones.	The river was shunned by the rolling stone.
The agent caught the terrorist.	The agents have caught the terrorist.
The sponge absorbed water.	The sponge soaked up the water.
The bathtub was filled with water.	The tub filled with water.
John received a book.	John received a book.
John has a class.	John learned a lesson.
The package arrived at John.	The package reached John.
John received the package.	John received the package.
After many lawsuits, the farm finally found John.	The farm finally reached John after many lawsuits.
The water filled the glass.	Water filled the cup.
The water filled the glass.	Water filled the cup.
The glass is filled with water.	The cup filled with water.
The barge was covered with logs.	The barge was full of tree trunks.
A stone blocked the road.	A stone blocked the street.
The branch freed Apple.	The branch dropped his apple freely.
Some branches fell off the tree.	Some branches broke off the tree.
The tree lost some branches.	The tree dropped some branches.
The tree lost some branches.	The tree lost some branches.
Water came out of the kettle.	Water gushed from the kettle.
There is water in the kettle.	The kettle bubbled with water.
The bathtub is leaking.	The tub leaked empty.
The hail broke the window.	Hailstones broke the window.
The force of the wind broke the window.	The force of the wind broke the window.
The window was broken by the wind.	The window broke from the force of the wind.
The effect of wind on windows is to break them.	What exerted the force of the wind on the window was to break it.
John hit the stone against the wall.	John hit the stone against the wall.
John hit the wall with a stone.	John hit the wall with the stone.
John drew some wine from the barrel.	John tapped some wine from a barrel.
John patted a barrel of wine.	John tapped a barrel of wine.
John put the book on the table.	John put the book on the table.
John put his name on the list.	John added his name to the list.
John loaded the bricks onto the truck.	John loaded the stones onto the truck.
John filled the truck with trucks.	John loaded the truck with bricks.
John feeds the baby.	John fed the baby rice.
John ate the baby meal.	John fed the baby rice.
John fed rice to the baby.	John fed the baby rice.
The ball is completely in the box.	The ball is completely in the box.
The box is completely filled with balls.	The box contains the ball completely.
The train reached the station completely.	The train came fully to the station.
The train reached the station completely.	The train reached the station completely.
Press the stamp completely onto the pressure pad.	Press the stamp fully against the pad.
Press the cushion with the seal fully.	Press the pad with the stamp fully.
Spray paint completely on the wall.	Spray the paint completely on the wall.
Spray all paint completely on the wall.	Spray all of the paint completely on the wall.
Spray the entire wall with paint.	Spray the entire wall with the paint.
All John did with the wall was paint.	What John was doing on the wall was to paint it.
All John did with the entire wall was paint.	What John did on the whole wall was to paint it.
Everything John did to the wall was hit.	What John did on the wall was hit.
John treats Bill as a fool.	John thought Bill was a fool.
Fill the bottle.	Give the baby the bottle.
Fill the baby with a bottle.	Give the baby the bottle.
Wipe the cloth on the torn baby.	Rub the torn baby with the cloth.
Wipe the baby with a rag.	Rub the baby with the torn cloth.
Dry the baby with a sleeping cloth.	Dry the baby with the sleeping towel.
The stone shattered the cup.	The stone tossed the cup apart.
The cup hit the stone.	The cup smashed against the stone.
The stone smashed the cup.	The stone smashed the cup.
The gasoline in the tank is drawn from the pump.	The tank filled with petrol from the pump.
The glass emptied the water to the ground.	The cup emptied from the water onto the floor.
John put her name on the list.	John added her name to the list.
John rolled the ball from the tree to the bush.	John rolled the ball from the tree to the bush.
John patted a few bottles of water.	John tapped the bottle of water.
John gave Bill this book.	John gave the book to Bill.
John got the book from Bill.	John got the book from Bill.
We have someone in the living room.	We have someone in the living room.
John likes Mary very much.	John loves Mary very much.
Mary mocked John.	Mary laughed at John.
The ship sank in the waves.	The ship sank under the waves.
Mary thinks John is a fool and Bill is a husband.	Mary thinks John is a fool and Bill a sissy.
John thinks the professor is strange, and the politician is creepy.	John thinks professors are strange and politicians are creepy.
Su put the book on the table and the record on the chair.	Sue put the books on the table and the papers on the chair.
Harriet gave John a cup and a scarf for Vivienne.	Harriet gave John a mug and Vivien a scarf.
I hope John won and Harry lost.	I expect John to win and Harry to lose.
You eat sashimi and cooked beef.	They eat the fish raw and the beef cooked.
They told Sue who to talk to and when Virginia would leave.	They told Sue who to speak to and Virginia when to go.
Smith borrowed books from the library, and later his fortune donated a valuable manuscript.	Smith lent a valuable collection of manuscripts to the library and his widow later donated them.
Su moved away, and Mary also moved the company to another place.	Sue moved and Mary moved her business to another location.
Even if John did not convince, Mary did not leave, I still convinced me.	I managed to convince, although John hadn't convinced Mary not to go.
We didn't particularly like it but still ate raw fish.	We didn't particularly like the fish, but still ate it raw.
Flo is desperate for hope, although she doesn't really want the Miami Dolphins to make the playoffs.	Flo really wants to, although she doesn't really expect the Miami Dolphins to be in the play-offs.
John is fluent in French.	John learned French perfectly.
Bill's lines are poor.	Bill recited his lines poorly.
Marila violin is very beautiful.	Mary plays the violin beautifully.
John immediately learned French.	John immediately learned French.
Bill slowly recited his lines.	Bill slowly recited his lines.
Mary will play the violin soon.	Mary will play the violin soon.
John immediately learned French.	John immediately learned French.
Bill slowly recited his lines.	Bill slowly recited his lines.
Mary will play the violin soon.	Mary will play the violin soon.
John immediately learned French very well.	John immediately learned French perfectly.
John learned French almost immediately.	John learned perfect French almost immediately.
John immediately learned French very well.	John immediately learned French perfectly.
John rolled the ball down the hill perfectly.	John rolled the ball perfectly down the hill.
John rolled the ball down the hill perfectly.	John rolled the ball perfectly down the hill.
John shot the ball perfectly.	John shot the ball perfectly.
John and Mary talked cordially.	John spoke closely to Mary.
John and Mary talked intimately.	John spoke closely to Mary.
John and Mary speak French intimately.	John spoke French to Mary closely.
John and Mary speak French intimately.	John spoke closely to Mary.
Mary jumped the horse perfectly onto the last fence.	Mary jumped the horse perfectly over the last fence.
Mary jumped the horse perfectly onto the last fence.	Mary jumped the horse perfectly over the last fence.
We think men are fools.	We consider men to be all fools.
We think these men are completely crazy.	We all think the men are totally crazy.
The teacher ordered both boys to pay close attention.	The teacher ordered the two boys to pay attention.
They returned all the books to the owner.	They all returned the books to their owners.
We painted the chair red.	We painted the chairs completely red.
The coach fed all the steak to the lion.	The trainer fed the lions with the steaks.
Mary left the room angrily.	Mary angrily left the room.
John is like Bill.	John is like Bill.
Package weight is 10 pounds.	The package weighed 10 pounds.
This book is worth 10 dollars.	This book costs $ 10.
This book cost John 10 dollars.	The book cost John $ 10.
We declare to the public that John is a hero.	We have proclaimed John as a hero to the public.
We sincerely declare John to be a hero.	We sincerely declared John to be a hero.
We sincerely announce to the public that John is a hero.	We have sincerely proclaimed John as a hero to the public.
They represented the real linguist to Dean Mary.	They represented Maria to the dean as a real linguist.
They seriously represent Mary as a true linguist.	You seriously represented Mary as a real linguist.
They seriously represented Mary in the name of a true linguist.	They seriously represented Mary to the dean as a real linguist.
We finally proved that Smith was a thief.	We have finally proven Smith to be a thief.
We finally proved to the authorities that Smith was a thief.	We have finally proven Smith to be a thief to the authorities.
The gardener watered the tulips.	The gardener poured the tulips flat.
The grocer grinds the coffee beans into a fine powder.	The grocer ground the coffee beans into a fine powder.
They painted the house in green shades.	They painted their house in a terrible shade of green.
The joggers ran their Nike sport.	The joggers ran their Nikes worn out.
The children laughed crazy at themselves.	The children laughed furiously.
His coughing handkerchief was completely wet.	He coughed his handkerchief soaked.
They fed meat to the raw lion.	They fed the lions raw meat.
We love them.	We love her.
We love them.	Our love for you.
We love them.	Ours love them.
We love them.	Our love theirs.
He thought it was wrong for Mary to kiss Bill.	His belief that Mary kissed Bill is wrong.
Mary loves him.	Mary loves him.
Mary likes him.	Mary loves him.
Mary criticized him.	Mary criticized him.
Mary's criticism of him is cruel.	Mary's criticism of him was cruel.
John Love Mary is very doubtful.	John loves Mary is doubtful.
It would be doubtful that John loves Mary.	It would be doubtful for John to love Mary.
It is good to go abroad.	Going abroad would be nice.
John's plan to go abroad is very good.	John's plan to go abroad is nice.
Mary believes that John loves her.	Mary thought John loved her.
Mary thinks John loves her.	Mary considered John loved.
Mary reports that John loves her.	Mary reported that John loved her.
Mary tried to go abroad.	Mary tried to go abroad.
Mary intends to go abroad.	Mary wanted to go abroad.
Mary managed to go abroad.	Mary managed to go abroad.
Mary wants to go abroad.	Mary wanted to go abroad.
Mary believes he loves her.	Mary thought he loved her.
Mary thinks he loves her.	Mary considered him loved.
To be sure, John loved Mary.	It is certain that John loved Mary.
John may have loved Mary.	It is likely that John loved Mary.
There are strangers in that garden.	There are strangers in this garden.
Three men arrived at the station.	Three men arrive at this station.
I think there is a person in that garden.	I think it's a man in this garden.
They claimed that there were many strangers in that garden.	They claimed that there were many strangers in this garden.
John bet there was a stranger in the haunted house.	John bet he had been a stranger in this haunted house.
John tried to kiss Mary.	John tried to kiss Mary.
John convinced Mary to kiss him.	John persuaded Mary to kiss him.
John asked Mary to kiss him.	John told Mary to kiss him.
It is illegal to park here.	It is illegal to park here.
I remember he kissed Mary.	I remembered kissing Mary.
I reported that he kissed Mary.	I reported that he kissed Mary.
I reported having kissed Mary.	I reported kissing Mary.
I like to take a bath.	I like to take a bath.
I hate taking a bath.	I hate taking a bath.
I saw him kissing Mary.	I saw him kissing Mary.
I noticed that he kissed Mary.	I noticed that he was kissing Mary.
John's rejection of this proposal was shocking.	John's rejection of the offer is shocking.
The enemy's destruction of the city was shocking.	The enemy's destruction of the city was terrible.
John's rejection of this proposal was shocking.	John's rejection of the offer was shocking.
The destruction of the city by the enemy is terrible.	The enemy's destruction of the city was terrible.
I often send Mary home when she is drunk, and she will be fine there.	I often send Mary home drunk and she gets there well.
I also don't think Fred will.	I don't think Fred will either.
Jose likes cabbage, so does Holly.	José also likes Kohl and Holly.
José ate cabbage and Holly ate it.	José ate Kohl and Holly too.
José is eating cabbage, Holly is also eating.	José eats cabbage and Holly too.
John is leaving, Mary has not.	John leaves, but Mary doesn't.
I think Bill is smart, but I think Sally is not smart.	I think Bill is intelligent and Sally is not.
John wants to go on vacation, but he doesn't know when to go.	John wants to go on vacation but doesn't know when.
Sally may have eaten cabbage, but Holly should not eat it.	Sally might have eaten cabbage, but Holly shouldn't.
José asked us to attend the meeting and Sally would tell us when.	José asks us to go to the meeting and Sally will tell us when.
Joe said Holly could chat with Mary.	Joe said to Mary that Holly could speak.
Mary claimed to have eaten cabbage, but Holly did not.	Mary claimed that she ate cabbage, Holly didn't.
Mary claimed to eat cabbage, but Holly did not.	Mary claimed to eat cabbage, Holly didn't.
Mary claimed to have cabbage, Holly wanted.	Mary claimed to eat cabbage, Holly wants.
John didn't hit a home run, but I knew there was a woman.	John didn't hit a home run, but I know a woman who did that.
It's not surprising that Betty won the batting championship, but Peter didn't know that he did it surprisingly.	It is not surprising that Betsy won the crown, but that Peter did not know that she did it is surprising.
Lilly decided to eat cabbage.	Lilly decided that she should eat cabbage.
Reading Fred's story, I think too.	Read Fred's story, I want too.
Mag Wildwood (Mag Wildwood) to introduce the bartender, but I will not come.	Mag Wildwood came to introduce the bartender, but I never got around to it.
Mag Wildwood introduced the bartender, but I did not come.	Mag Wildwood came to introduce the bartender, but I didn't get around to it.
You should remove the rifle because it is not safe.	You should unload rifles as it is dangerous not to s
If Ron knows whether to wear a tuxedo and Caspar knows whether to wear a tuxedo, then do they know different things?	If Ron knows whether to wear a tuxedo and Caspar knows if he shouldn't, do they know different things?
Lucy tells a memorable story because Holly once narrated it as an unnarrated story.	Lucy told a story she should remember because Holly had told the story not to tell it.
Has Harry left?	Did Harry leave?
Can Joe sing?	Is Joe singing?
Everyone who says they want to buy salmon does this.	Any man who said he would buy salmon did so.
I visited every town I had to go to.	I've visited every city I had to.
Every town in every country I've been to.	Every city in every country I had to visit.
Everyone who says they want to buy salmon buys salmon.	Any man who said he would buy some salmon bought some salmon.
Eli Lilly should buy salmon, as should Mary.	Lilly was supposed to buy salmon and Mary too.
Lilly should buy salmon, and Mary should also buy salmon.	Lilly should buy salmon and Mary should also buy salmon.
Joe's neurosis bothered his customers, and Sally's neurosis also bothered him.	Joe's neuroses disturb his patrons, and Sally's neuroses too.
Joe likes his bar, and Sally's customers also like it.	Joe likes his bar and Sally's guests too.
Every photo of myself has arrived.	Every picture of itself arrived.
My uncle has no spouse, but your aunt does, and he lies on the floor.	My uncle doesn't have a spouse, but your aunt and he's lying on the floor.
I know which book Max has read, and which book Oscar has not.	I know which book Max read and which Oscar didn't.
This is a book approved by Bill, and this is a book he does not approve.	This is the book that Bill approves, and this is the one that he does not.
Dulles doubted everyone that Angleton did.	Dulles guessed everyone who did Angleton.
When Bob read Fred, he was not Dickens.	While Bob was reading Fred, he wasn't Dickens.
Sally doubted Joe, but he didn't have Holly.	Sally suspected Joe, but Holly didn't.
Sally will stand near every woman beside you.	Sally will be close to every woman you become.
I know which woman Holly will discuss the report with, but I don't know which woman you will be with.	I know which woman Holly will be discussing a report on, but I do not know which woman you will be talking about.
When Truman did not visit me, he did you.	While Truman didn't visit me, he made you.
Truman didn't tell me a story, but Luxi did.	While Truman wasn't telling me a story, he was doing Rusty.
Although José will not talk about Mag, he may talk about Holly.	While José is not talking about Mag, he could be talking about Holly.
Although Doc may tell you, he will not tell me.	Although Doc may tell you, he won't tell me.
I think you need to show yourself, not anyone else.	I think you have to show yourself more than anyone else.
Although Truman did not want to visit every city, he was in Barcelona.	While Truman doesn't want to visit every city, he does Barcelona.
Fred likes eggplant, although he also likes cabbage.	Fred likes eggplants, although he also likes cabbage.
Although Fred also likes cabbage, he likes eggplant.	Although he also likes cabbage, Fred likes eggplants.
Because of Frank, Fred sent flowers to his lover.	Fred gave flowers to his sweetheart because Frank had done it.
China is the country that Joe wants to visit. If he has enough money, he will go.	China is a country Joe wants to visit, and he will if he gets enough money.
Jerry doesn't read the book of Tongtian Tower, but Meryl did, and it's not bad.	Jerry wouldn't read Babel's book, but Meryl did and it was pretty good.
Joe may want him to own, but this is not the country he visited.	Joe may have wished he had, but this is not a country he has visited.
Although I might want it, this is the kind of thing Harris has suggested.	While I might want to, this is the kind of thing Harris has already suggested.
We like our friends, and they like it too.	We like our friends and they too.
We like our friends, and they like our friends.	We like our friends and they also like our friends.
We like our friends, and they also like their friends.	We like our friends and they also like their friends.
Rusty will not talk about himself until Holly does this.	Rusty only talked about herself after Holly.
I can't find a solution, but Holly may find a solution.	I couldn't find a solution, but maybe Holly.
Fred talked about everything before Rusty.	Fred talked about everything before Rusty did it.
Even if Fred had already gone, Joe would go to the store.	Joe will go to the store even though Fred has already done so.
Today, despite the possibility of self-government, the national government has little or no harassment of gays and lesbians.	Today there is little or no official national government harassment of lesbians and gays, although autonomous governments could.
The candidate evades the draft because of infidelity, or at least tries to evade it.	The candidate was persecuted, or at least tried, for infidelity and avoidance of the design.
This information may be published by Gorbachev, but he chose not to.	This information could have been published by Gorbachev, but he decided against it.
Many such materials can be presented in an informal, easy-to-use way, and I often do this.	Much of this material can be presented in a fairly informal and accessible way, and I often do.
John doesn't like Mary.	John doesn't like Mary.
John tried to meet Mary often.	John often tries to meet Mary.
John does not see Mary.	John tries not to meet Mary.
Is Mary participating in the marathon?	Is Mary running the marathon?
Mary often participates in marathons.	Mary often runs the marathon.
Mary did not participate in the marathon.	Mary is not running the marathon.
I didn't go to the store as Bill thought.	I didn't go to the store, as Bill thought.
I did go to the store as Bill thought.	I went to the store, as Bill thought.
The writer can believe the boy so much.	The authors could believe the boy that way.
The writers do believe this boy.	The authors believed the boy that way.
Rome destroyed Carthage.	Rome destroyed Carthage.
The destruction of Carthage by Rome was shocking.	Rome's destruction of Carthage was terrible.
John bought a picture of himself that Bill saw.	John bought the picture that Bill saw.
The understanding of the problem is very thorough.	The perception of the problem is pretty thorough.
The understanding of the problem is very thorough.	Knowledge of the problem is pretty thorough.
The ship sank.	The sinking of the ship was very cumbersome.
It is very unreliable for a ship to sink to collect insurance premiums.	The sinking of the ship to collect the insurance was very cumbersome.
The sinking of this ship was very tortuous.	The sinking of the ship was very devious.
The risk of testing such drugs yourself is too great.	Testing such drugs on yourself is too risky.
The ship sank to collect insurance.	The ship was sunk to collect the insurance.
This drug must first be self-tested.	This medication must first be tested on yourself.
The president’s moral destruction has been completed.	The moral destruction of the president is complete.
The moral destruction of the President certainly does not help.	The president's moral destruction was certainly not helpful.
Mary wants to wear a beautiful blue German dress.	Mary wants to wear a nice blue German dress.
Tomatoes were introduced to Europe after 1492.	Tomatoes were introduced to Europe after 1492.
We have a wealth of impeccable taste.	We rich have an impeccable taste.
I read every one of his books.	I've read every book.
Every boy named a planet.	Every boy called a planet.
I give each boy a planet.	I showed every boy a planet.
Few boys have read any books.	Few boys read one of the books.
I didn't read any books to a few boys.	I only showed one of the books to a few boys.
I was not studying when you came in.	I didn't read a book when you came in.
A boy did not laugh.	A boy didn't laugh.
Most boys did not laugh.	Most of the boys didn't laugh.
Every boy is called Mercury and Venus.	Every boy named Mercury and Venus.
Each boy named each planet.	Every boy named every planet.
Each student speaks two languages.	Each student speaks two languages.
Both students speak each language.	Two students speak each language.
Some tourists visited all the museums.	Some tourists visited all of the museums.
Every girl likes a certain boy.	Every girl loves a boy.
Critics think that every book is readable.	A critic believes that every book is readable.
Who does he appreciate?	Whom does he admire?
He admires everyone.	He admires every man.
Who envy what?	Who admires what?
People in every city hate it.	Someone from every city hates it.
Some professors admire every student.	Some professors admire every student.
Some professors admire every student, but hate the dean.	Some professors admire every student and hate the dean.
Everyone reported that Max and some ladies were missing.	Everyone reported that Max and a lady had disappeared.
If we do not invite philosophers, most guests will be offended.	Most guests will be offended if we don't invite a philosopher.
All students believe what many teachers say.	All students believe everything that many teachers say.
If we don’t invite any philosopher, who would be offended?	Who will be offended if we don't invite which philosopher?
Who believes who said what?	Who believes something, who says?
It happened that two boys kissed a girl.	Exactly two boys kissed a girl.
Mary happened to be dating two people who knew my favorite producer.	Mary dated exactly two of the men who know a producer that I like.
Each student must make three arguments to show that some of the conditions proposed by Bill are wrong.	Each student has three arguments to show that a condition proposed by Bill is incorrect.
If we invite philosophers, Max will be offended.	If we invite a philosopher, Max will be offended.
Three of my relatives inherited a house.	Three of my relatives have inherited a house.
If three of my relatives die, I will inherit a house.	When three of my relatives die, I will inherit a house.
Everyone attended some seminars.	Everyone attended a seminar.
Just half of the students attended some seminars.	Exactly half of the students attended a seminar.
Each seminar is attended by more than three students.	More than three students attended each seminar.
Each student participated in more than three seminars.	Each student attended more than three seminars.
Everyone raised the table.	Every man raised the table.
These people surrounded the fortress.	The men surrounded the fort.
All the people surrounded the fortress.	All the men surrounded the fort.
These people raised the table together.	The men raised the table together.
A hundred people lifted the table together.	A hundred men lifted the table together.
All the people raised the table together.	All the men raised the table together.
Everyone raised the table.	Every man raised a table.
Everyone raised the table.	Every man raised a table.
Every seminar is attended.	Someone attended every seminar.
Each seminar is attended by more than two students.	More than two students attended each seminar.
No one is married.	You didn't marry anyone
I will force you not to marry someone.	I will force you not to marry anyone.
Everyone is worried about their stiffness.	Everyone had made himself stiff.
Everyone who worried about his stiffness said he was relieved.	Everyone who had stiffened said he was relieved.
In addition to myself, there are five tourists in the room.	There were five tourists in the room besides me.
Physicists like you are a godsend.	Physicists like you are a stroke of luck.
Max boasted that the queen invited Lucy to have a drink with himself.	Max boasted that the queen had invited Lucie and herself for a drink.
What photos have the Earl seen?	What pictures of him did Earl see?
What photos did he see the count?	What pictures of Earl did he see?
Bill himself seems very handsome.	Bill seems to be looking good.
Bill looks handsome in his eyes.	Bill seems handsome to him.
Which picture will John see?	John will see which picture of himself?
Each other's house is gorgeous to women.	The other's houses seem garish to the women.
Each other's house is gorgeous to women.	The other's houses appear garish to the women.
These stories about himself worry John more than anything else.	These stories about themselves worry John more than anything else.
Which photo did John decide to take at home?	What picture did John show at the party at his house?
Which report did John submit?	What report did John submit that he revised?
Mary always prefers lemons to lemons.	Mary always prefers lemon to lime.
Mary always prefers lemons to lemons.	Mary always preferred lemons to lime.
The dog that the mouse bite chased the cat.	The dog that the rat bit chased the cat.
Jean has never read this newspaper.	Jean never reads this newspaper.
The gun I cleaned sounded.	A gun that I had cleaned went off.
I gave my brother the cleaned gun.	I gave my brother a gun that I had cleaned.
I gave the gun to my brother who had cleaned it.	I gave my brother a gun that I had cleaned.
He let go of the complaining cats.	He let the whining cats out.
Who saw Mary walking towards the train station?	Who did Mary see going to the train station?
Who saw Mary walking towards the train station?	Who did Mary see going to the train station?
Do you know the boy Mary has seen?	Do you know the boy Mary saw?
Do you know the boy Mary has seen?	Do you know the boy Mary saw?
The government specified the height of the letters on the cover of the report.	The government prescribes the height of the lettering on the cover pages of the reports.
Who does he expect to show up to someone I know?	Who did he expect to show whom I knew?
Whose book did you find?	Whose book did you find?
He placed the chair between the table and the sofa.	He will put the chair between a table and a sofa.
I know who is angry with John.	I know who's mad at John.
I know a boy is angry with John.	I know a boy who is mad at John.
John is taller than dill.	John is taller than dill.
John is taller than Bill.	John is taller than Bill.
I want to go.	I want to go.
Shaving is difficult for me.	Shaving myself is difficult for me.
The shock triggered an explosion.	The shock triggered the explosion.
The shock triggered the explosion.	The shock triggered the explosion.
I called almost everyone in Boston.	I called almost all of the men from Boston.
I knocked down an old man.	I ran down an old man.
He attributed the fire to a short circuit.	He attributed the fire to a short circuit.
He blamed the fire for the short circuit.	He attributed the fire to a short circuit.
He threw the letter into the waste paper bas.	He threw the letter in the trash.
They think the proposal is too expensive.	They rejected the proposal as too expensive.
They think the country's proposal to build a sidewalk from Dartmouth to Smith is too expensive.	They dismissed the state's proposal to build a sidewalk from Dartmouth to Smith as too expensive.
I found the fruit I picked up on the way home was delicious.	I found some delicious fruit that I picked up on the way home.
I found some delicious fruits that I picked up on the way home.	I found delicious fruit that I had picked up on the way home.
Does the fact that John appears please you?	Did you like the fact that John showed up?
I hope Bill leaves this secret.	I want the fact that Bill left to be kept a secret.
I hope it remains the secret Bill left.	I want it to remain a secret that Bill has left behind.
What I eat almost crashes me.	What I ate almost broke me.
How much I spent on food almost broke me.	The cost of the thing I ate almost broke me.
I went out with a girl and John was very happy to see that girl.	I went out with a girl who was happy that John showed up.
I borrowed someone to watch the game with binoculars.	I lent my binoculars to a man watching the race.
She asked a man near the window as if it was raining.	She asked a man near the window if it looked like rain.
He figured it out.	He found out.
He came up with Ann.	He found Ann.
He came up with something.	He found out something.
He came up with the answer.	He found out the answer.
He came up with the answer.	He found out the answer.
I sent it to him.	I sent it to him.
I gave him something.	I sent something to him.
They gave me the report he brought.	They gave me the reports he had brought with him.
I insisted on seeing all the students start learning the semester in my class.	I insist on going through all the students who started the semester in my class.
Tom drove like that man.	Tom drives like this man.
Tom drove like that man.	Tom drives like this man.
I know someone whom Tom likes to drive.	I know a man who drives Tom.
Tom is driving the man's driving style.	Tom drives the way this man drives.
The way Thomas drives that man.	Toms drives the way this man does.
John is taller than that man.	John is taller than this man.
Taller than that man.	is taller than this man.
John is as tall as that man.	John is as tall as this man.
I know someone as tall as John.	I know a man the size of John.
Mary never kissed a man taller than John.	Mary has never kissed a man taller than John.
Mary never kissed a man taller than John.	Mary has never kissed a man taller than John.
Mary never kissed a man taller than John.	Mary has never kissed a man taller than John.
Mary has never kissed a man like John.	Mary has never kissed a man as tall as John.
The brave are not afraid of death.	The brave are not afraid to die.
A drowning cat is difficult to rescue.	Drowning cats are difficult to save.
Drowning cats is illegal.	Drowning cats is illegal.
I know someone taller than John.	I know a bigger man than John.
The prisoner's shooting shocked me.	The shooting of the prisoners shocked me.
He told Peter that I knew someone taller than John, but Peter didn't believe it.	He told Peter that I know a taller man than John, but Peter didn't believe it.
When Bill agreed to call me, I was discouraged, but I was reluctant.	I announced when Bill promised to call me, but I reluctantly did so.
I will talk to John on Friday about the report that shocked me about the shooting and talk with his wife on Saturday.	I will speak to John on Friday about the shocking shooting of the prisoners and on Saturday with his wife.
I read a statement about that man.	I read a statement about this man.
I read a statement about that man.	I read a statement about this man.
The man I read a statement is sick.	The man I read a statement about is sick.
I read that Bill had seen me.	I read that Bill had seen me.
Will provide evidence of his drunkenness.	Proof that he was drunk is provided.
Evidence will be provided to prove that he is drunk.	Evidence is provided that he was drunk.
His lawyer firmly denied that the defendant was rude.	His lawyer firmly denied that the accused had been rude.
Bill told me something terrible: the ice will not sink.	Bill told me something terrible: the ice won't sink.
This is the hat my wife wants to buy.	This is a hat that I will make my wife buy.
This is the hat my wife wants to buy.	This is a hat my wife will buy.
Phineas knew a girl who was jealous of Maxim.	Phineas knows a girl who is jealous of maxim.
Phineas knew a girl behind Maxim.	Phineas knows a girl who is behind Maxime.
Phineas knew a girl who worked with Maxime.	Phineas knows a girl who works with maxim.
I believe that Otto wears this hat.	I believed the claim that Otto was wearing this hat.
I believe Otto is wearing this hat.	I thought Otto was wearing this hat.
I believe that Otto's hat is red.	The hat I thought was Otto was red.
Rutherford knew himself.	Rutherford understands.
The person who ordered the ice cream said the pudding was delicious.	The man who ordered ice cream said the pudding would be delicious.
The person who ordered the ice cream said the pudding was delicious, it was a horrible show.	The pudding that the man who ordered ice cream said would be tasty was a horror show.
The orderer said the pudding was delicious.	The man who ordered it said the pudding would be delicious.
The sheriff denied that he bribed him.	The sheriff denied that gangsters had bribed him.
The sheriff denied denied to bribe him.	The sheriff denied that gangsters had bribed him.
I hope the company can save up to $400,000.	The money I hope the company is wasting is $ 400,000.
I will have the opportunity to waste 400,000 dollars.	The money that I can waste is $ 400,000.
I will suggest that we waste $400,000.	The money I'm going to suggest to waste is $ 400,000.
I will propose that we waste $400,000.	The money I'm going to suggest we're wasting is $ 400,000.
I yawn.	I yawned.
Sam has improved.	Sam was making progress.
Bill gave me 40 dollars.	Bill gave me $ 40.
I slept.	I took a nap.
Sam made progress.	Sam was making progress.
Bill gave me a gift of $40.	Bill gave me $ 40.
Max pushed the car.	Max gave the car a push.
I think Arch will appear.	I have a feeling Arch will show up.
Bob proved that this set is recursive.	Bob has proven that this set is recursive.
Bob proved that this set is recursive.	Bob has proven that this set is recursive.
It is difficult to prove that the set is recursive.	It is difficult to prove that this set is recursive.
I hope the company can waste this money.	I hope the company will waste the money.
I think the company will waste this money.	I have a feeling that the company is going to waste the money.
Dick claims that semantics are generative, which is absurd.	Dick's claim that the semantics are generative is absurd.
We are discussing their claim that the flying saucer is real.	We discuss their claim that flying saucers are real.
Myron claims that death is better than red.	Myron claims dead is better than red.
The man arrested by Officer Bob went mad.	The man arrested by Officer Bob went mad.
Jack claims that you don't need it.	Jack claims that you won't need it.
Jack claims that you don't need it.	Jack claims that you won't need it.
In these days, you will hurt yourself.	You will hurt yourself one day.
I talked to Bill about myself.	I talked to Bill about myself.
I know someone who hates me.	I know a man who hates me.
I read him two sentences about himself.	I read two statements about him.
I know two people behind me.	I know two men standing behind me.
I know there are two people behind me.	I know two men behind me.
You are too jealous of others.	You're too funky with people who are jealous of you.
I screamed at some of my children.	I yelled at some children who were watching me.
I yelled at some children who were watching me.	I yelled at some children who were watching me.
Irma washes the dishes, Sally dried them, Floyd was idle.	Irma washed the dishes and Sally dried and Floyd idle.
I went to the store and bought some whiskey.	I went to the store and bought some whiskey.
I went to the store and Nike bought some whiskey.	I went to the store and Nike bought some whiskey.
This is the whiskey I bought at the store.	Here is the whiskey that I bought in the store.
This is the whiskey I bought at the store.	Here is the whiskey that I went to the store that Mike bought.
Tony has Fiat and is eager to have a tall nurse.	Tony has a Fiat and longs for a big nurse.
I went to the store and bought some good whiskey.	I went to the store and bought an excellent whiskey.
I went to the store and bought some whiskey.	I went to the store to buy whiskey.
She was gone and now ruined her clothes.	She left and has now ruined her dress.
I must try to find that screw.	I have to try to find this screw.
Aunt Hattie wants you to be friendly and kiss your grandma.	Aunt Hattie wants you to be nice and kiss your grandma.
I must try to find the screws to secure the door to the frame.	The screw I need to find holds the door to the frame.
Which mother does Aunt Hattie want to kiss me?	Which grandma wants Aunt Hattie to be nice and kiss me?
Boys work in skyscrapers, and girls work in Quenset.	The boy works in a skyscraper and the girl works in a quonset hut.
Billy and the sweet chick who went to the movies with the movie will let me get married in the morning.	The voluptuous girl Billy went to the movies with will marry me the next morning.
The Ferrari that Sofia worshipped Pietro bought from me cost him a lot of money.	The Ferrari that Pietro, whom Sofia loves, bought from me, cost him a bundle.
Sally may be pregnant, everyone thinks Sheila must be pregnant.	Sally could be pregnant and everyone thinks Sheila is definitely pregnant.
Sally may be pregnant, and everyone thinks Sheila must be pregnant.	Sally could be pregnant, and everyone thinks Sheila is definitely pregnant.
Tom picked the grapes, then I washed the grapes, and Suzie prepared the grapes.	Tom picked these grapes and I washed them and Suzie will make them.
Tom picked it, I washed it, and Susi prepared these grapes.	Tom picked and I washed and Suzie will prepare these grapes.
Students who fail the final exam or do not read will be executed.	Students who fail the final exam or fail to read will be executed.
Students who fail the final exam will be executed, and students who do not read will be executed.	Students who fail the final exam are executed or students who fail to read are executed.
John was arrested by the police, and I was afraid he would speak.	John was captured by the police and I'm afraid he'll talk.
I heated the coffee and Sally dried the table.	I heated the coffee and Sally wiped the table.
Although Bob may not be a lunatic, many people claim to do so, and I think so.	Although Bob may not be a nut, a lot of people have said so, and I think so too.
When did you come back and what did you bring me?	When did you come back and what did you bring me?
Make yourself comfortable.	Make yourself comfortable.
Has Merv appeared, do you play chess?	Did Merv show up and did you play chess?
Who ate what?	Who ate what?
When did it explode?	What exploded when?
Who gave it to whom?	Who gave what to whom?
How long can this generous support last? Who gave it to whom?	How long did this bout of generosity last and who gave what to whom?
Please make yourself comfortable. I'll wash the dishes.	Please make yourself comfortable and I will wash the dishes.
Please make yourself comfortable. I'll wash the dishes.	Please make yourself comfortable and I will wash the dishes.
Harry will serve in the Marine Corps next year, and Herman was selected last night.	Harry will be with the Marines next year and Herman was drafted last night.
Sasha swallowed dumplings faster than I heated them.	Sasha devours dumplings faster than I can warm them up.
I want to read this contract carefully before I submit it.	I want to read this contract before submitting it.
Fred tore the curtains and rolled them up.	Fred opened the curtain as he rolled it up.
The curtain that Fred rolled up was a gift from my mother, Aunt Pushila.	The curtain that Fred opened when it was rolled up was the kind gift from my aunt Priscilla on my mother's side.
I want to read the contract carefully, then file it and destroy it.	I want to read this contract before I damage it while I am filing it.
Sasha swallowed dumplings faster than I heated the meatballs.	Sasha devours dumplings faster than I can warm up the meatballs.
I want to read this contract carefully before canceling it.	I would like to read this contract before I file the certificate.
Fred rolled up the wallpaper and tore the curtains.	Fred opened the curtain as he rolled up the wallpaper.
If I say this, Sasha swallows the dumplings much faster than I heat the meatballs, which is really delicious.	The dumplings that Sasha devours faster than I can warm up the meatballs are extremely tasty when I say that.
I suspect that the contract I'm going to read carefully before releasing it may have loopholes.	I suspect that the contract I want to read before submitting the certificate may have some gaps.
The curtains that Fred tore off when he opened the wallpaper were a good gift from my mother, Aunt Priscilla.	The curtain that Fred opened when the wallpaper was rolled up was the kind gift from my aunt Priscilla on my mother's side.
If I do this, Sasha swallows the dumplings much faster than I heat them up, which is very tasty.	The dumplings that Sasha devours faster than I can warm her up are extremely delicious when I say that.
The government stipulates that the letters on the cover are always boring.	Reports, of which the government prescribes the height of the lettering on the cover pages, are without exception boring.
Reporting that the government stipulated letter height covers almost always made me fall asleep.	Reports whose envelopes the government prescribes almost always put me to sleep.
The letters on the cover of the report, where the government stipulates the height, is a shocking waste of public funds.	The lettering on the cover pages, the height of which the government prescribes, has been reported to be a shocking waste of public funds.
The report should cancel the height of the lettering on the cover specified by the government.	Specifies the height of the lettering on the covers of which the government-prescribed abolition should be abolished.
He has the writings of several Greek writers.	He has books from several Greek authors.
What Greek writers do he have?	Which Greek authors does he have books from?
They will wear me hats that I don't like.	They'll give me a hat that I know I don't like.
The boy who was elected as the president’s guardian employee betrayed us.	The boy whose employee we chose as president cheated us.
I want to ask Bill to let the old fountain solve these problems in the future.	I'm going to ask Bill to get the old guy to take up these points later.
I want to ask Bill about these points so I can use old thrush later.	I'll ask Bill these points to let the old cracker pick up later.
The employer of the boy's guardian was elected president.	We have chosen the boy's guardian employer as president.
We were elected the boss of the boy's guardian.	We have elected the President to employ the boy's guardian.
The guardian of which boy we are elected president?	Which employer of the guardian did we choose as president?
How accidentally did you pick up TNT?	How carelessly have you taken TNT?
Sheila married the tall man.	Sheila married such a big man.
How tall is Sheila married to a man?	How tall was a man Sheila married?
On which bed does Tom sleep?	What bed is Tom sleeping on?
Tom's bed is very hard.	The bed Tom slept on was hard.
Which bed does Tom sleep on?	What bed did Tom sleep on?
Tom's bed is difficult.	The bed Tom slept on was hard.
My sister arrived when there was no bus, and my brother arrived when there was no bus.	My sister arrived at a time when there were no buses, and my brother came at a time when there were no buses.
Jack disappeared in a mysterious way, and Hudson disappeared in a mysterious way.	Jack mysteriously disappeared and the Hudson also mysteriously disappeared.
The only relatives I want to get rid of are my aunts.	The only relatives that I would like to get rid of are my aunts.
I want to participate in that meeting.	I would like to take part in this meeting.
Who do you want me to defend?	Whose rights do you expect me to speak out for?
I calculated a plan to keep us suspenseful.	A plan I got wind of should keep us busy.
You noticed the difficulties she encountered.	Did you notice how difficult it was?
Who do you want to catch?	Who are you trying to reach?
The only concession I intend to take advantage of is an eleven-month paid vacation.	The only offer I would like to use gives me a paid vacation of eleven months.
The scene that the censor opposed was related to a mixed-race marriage between a woman and a giant panda.	The scenes that the censors objected to had to do with a mixed marriage between a woman and a giant panda.
Will use his offer.	His offer is being used.
His proposal will be used.	His offer is being used.
In this experiment, 14 variables must be tracked simultaneously.	In this experiment, fourteen variables have to be tracked simultaneously.
The objection was lengthened by our skirt.	The length of our skirts was objected to.
The plan to negotiate an end to the Vietnam War in a glorious manner was put on hold.	A plan to negotiate an honorable end to the Vietnam War has been made to wind.
Her understatement was underestimated.	Your indiscretions were made easy.
Some rare old manuscripts have been mastered.	Some rare old manuscripts have been obtained.
Gaussian polynomial lemma is used.	Gauss' polynomial lemma was used.
Keep the tags of all people entering the station.	All people entering the station were monitored.
My friend Mike talked about politics yesterday.	My friends Mike talked about politics yesterday.
Mike talked about politics with my friends yesterday.	Mike talked to my friends about politics yesterday.
I gave the person responsible for blackjack. I found it in a cookie jar	I gave blackjack to the officer in charge. what I found in the cookie jar.
I have full confidence in the success of my boss, and my boss relies on this success.	I am confident and my boss depends on a successful trip on the route.
The boy's uncle and aunt are kissing.	The boy's uncle and aunt kissed.
Who are you staring at?	Who are you gaping at?
Which hat do you think she has never worn?	What hat do you think she never wore?
The reporter expected the principal to dismiss some teachers.	The reporters expected the headmaster to fire a teacher.
The reporter expected the principal to fire some teachers.	Reporters expected the headmaster to fire a teacher.
The reporters expected that the teacher who the principal would expel was a hard-core old bastard.	The teacher the reporters had expected the headmaster to fire is a crispy old idiot.
The reporter expected the teacher to be expelled from this teacher to be a hard-core old bastard.	The teacher the reporters had expected the headmaster to fire is a crispy old idiot.
I don't like boys playing the piano loudly.	I didn't like it when the boy was playing the piano loudly.
The boy I don't like playing the piano loudly is a student.	The boy, whose loud piano playing I didn't like, was a student.
I don't like the piano that the boy plays loudly out of tune.	The piano, which I didn't like when the boy was playing loudly, was badly tuned.
The boy played the piano loudly, driving everyone crazy.	The boy's loud piano playing drove everyone crazy.
The boy played the piano loudly, driving everyone crazy.	The boy who plays the piano loudly made everyone crazy.
That piano, the boy played loudly, making everyone crazy and seriously out of place.	The piano, whose loud playing drove everyone crazy, was in a bad mood.
Did he surprise you with his piano performance?	Did you find his piano playing surprising?
Mike joked that she had never worn this hat.	Mike quipped that she never wore this hat.
To tickle Anna, he drives Frank crazy.	The fact that Anna tickles him drives Frank crazy.
Anna tickled him and made Frank crazy.	Anna's tickling made Frank crazy.
They are investigating everyone who owns a parakeet.	They examine all people who own parakeets.
It seemed that Harry liked girls.	It seems true that Harry likes girls.
The dog chased the cat dog who caught the mouse eating cheese.	This is the dog that chased the cat that caught the rat that ate the cheese.
Her efficient search for answers satisfied her boss.	The boss liked her efficiently looking up the answer.
She gave up her father.	She eliminated her father.
It is not obvious that Bob is lying.	It is not true that Bob lied was obvious.
Provided a proof that John lied.	Evidence was provided that the allegation that John lied was made.
It's possible that Sam didn't pick up the packages to be mailed tomorrow.	It is possible that Sam did not pick up the packages that are to be shipped tomorrow.
Sam may not have received the packages. Which packages will be mailed tomorrow?	What packages might Sam not have picked up to be shipped tomorrow?
Sam didn't pick up the packages to be mailed tomorrow until it rained tomorrow.	Sam didn't pick up the packages to be shipped tomorrow until the rain stopped.
Sam picked up the packages that can be mailed during the rest tomorrow, but he didn't want to do this until it rained.	Sam picked up the packages that were supposed to be sent tomorrow, but he didn't want it until it stopped raining.
What packages might Sam have to send tomorrow until it rains?	What packages might Sam pick up to be shipped tomorrow when it stopped raining?
A girl wearing this coat came in.	A girl came in wearing this coat.
Obviously, allowing Herschel to foul may confuse the defender.	It's not true that Herschel was obviously going to have a seizure to confuse the guards.
It is not correct that Herschel poses the right figure to confuse the defender.	It is not true that it was obvious to Herschel to have a seizure that would confuse the guards.
It is incorrect for Herschel to confuse the defender with a name.	It is not true that it was obvious that Herschel would confuse the guards if he had a fit.
Obviously, this will make Herschel's defenders feel uncomfortable, which is incorrect.	It was not true that the guards would confuse Herschel with a seizure.
Obviously, this will confuse the defender and let Herschel lose the ball.	It is not true that it would confuse the guards for Herschel to throw an attack, it was obvious.
Obviously, this will confuse Herschel's defender, which is incorrect.	It's not true that it was obvious that guards would confuse Herschel with a seizure.
Obviously, this will make Herschel's defenders feel uncomfortable, which is incorrect.	It is not true that it was obvious that it would confuse the guards for Herschel to throw an attack.
A comment on this article was published yesterday.	A review of this article appeared yesterday.
Yesterday this article made a comment.	A review of this article was published yesterday.
The comments in this article appear to have been published yesterday.	A review of this article appears to have appeared yesterday.
Why don't you comment on this article?	Why don't you include a review of this article?
After returning home, Ann will send Chairman Mao's picture to her teacher.	Ann will send her teacher a picture of Chairman Mao when she gets home.
After returning home, Ann will send a photo to her Chairman Mao.	Ann will send a picture to Chairman Mao's teacher as soon as she gets home.
The comment on this article yesterday was disastrous.	The fact that a review of this article was published yesterday is catastrophic.
I will give me some good friends from Akron.	I'll give something to my good friend from Akron.
I promised that he would be there at midnight.	Around midnight I promised he would be there.
I promise he will be there tomorrow.	I promised that he would be there tomorrow.
Tomorrow I promised that he would chat there.	I promised tomorrow that he would be there.
I promise he will be there tomorrow.	I promised that he would be there tomorrow.
I promise he will be there around midnight.	I promised that he would be there around midnight.
I don't like beans.	I don't like beans.
I have never been proud of him.	I've never been proud of him.
Beans I don't think you can persuade beans that Harry has never tasted in his life.	Beans I don't think you can convince me that Harry has ever tasted in his life.
I promise he will be there tomorrow.	It was tomorrow when I promised he would be there.
I don't like this kind of beans.	They are beans that I don't like.
Do you think he sometimes goes there alone?	Do you think he sometimes went there alone?
I will not ask you to believe that he tried to force me to give her some money.	I'm not going to ask you to believe that he tried to force me to give her some money.
Sometimes he sometimes went there alone for sure.	It is certain that he sometimes went there alone.
Do you believe that someone is looking for something?	Do you think someone was looking for something?
I have never seen anyone try to kill him.	I never met this man someone tried to kill.
I do not have money	I will have no money.
Do you think he has been there alone?	Do you think he ever went there alone?
It was strange that he had been there alone.	It is strange that he ever went there alone.
Tom told someone that he was not sick.	Tom told someone that he was not sick.
Buffy couldn't do 100 push-ups, and someone laughed.	Buffy couldn't do 100 pushups and someone laughed.
I believe the sun has come out.	I think the sun was outside.
I believe the sun has come out.	I thought the sun was outside.
I believe the sun has come out.	I believed the sun was outside.
I believe the sun has come out clearly.	It is obvious that I believed that the sun was outside.
I believe the sun has come out clearly.	It's obvious that I thought the sun was outside.
Jack is sometimes impossible to sleep.	It is impossible for Jack to sleep sometimes.
It was impossible for Jack to sleep.	Jack has never slept.
The sun has clearly come out.	It was obvious that the sun was outside.
John scratched his arm and Mary did.	John scratched his arm and Mary too.
Mary also scratched her arm.	Mary also scratched her arm.
Mary also scratched John's arm.	Mary also scratched John's arm.
John scratched his arm, and the boy who knew Mary got her arm.	John scratched his arm and the boy who knew Mary scratched his arm.
John ed his arm, and the boy Mary knew did the same.	John scratched his arm and the boy Mary knew did too.
The fluff made him worry about John, but not Mary.	The fluff wanted him to worry John, but Mary didn't worry.
Fluff wants him to worry about John, but Fluff wants John to not worry about Mary.	Mary didn't worry that the fuzz wanted him to bother John, but that the fuzz wanted John.
The police asked him to worry about Johns, but not the boy Mary knew.	The boy who Mary knew did not worry that the police wanted him to worry Johns.
John is proud of his departure, which is more than people who do not know him expect me to believe he will.	John is proud to have left when people who don't know him would expect me to think he was.
John is proud of his departure, and Basili expects Joan to believe that the man who does not shave will be proud.	John is proud to have left when Sally expected Joan to believe that the man who didn't shave would be.
John is proud of leaving me, which is beyond my expectations, you will believe that he will not fall asleep.	John is proud to have left when I expected you to think he didn't fall asleep.
Tom knew, Dick knew, Harry knew.	Tom knows and Dick knows and Harry knows.
Tom washed the car and Dick waxed the car.	Tom washed the car and Dick made the car grow.
Tom ordered bacon, Dick ordered lettuce, and Harry ordered tomatoes.	Tom ordered bacon and Dick ordered salad and Harry ordered tomatoes.
Tom, Dick and Harry all knew.	Tom, Dick and Harry know.
Tom washes the car, Dick waxed, and Harry polished the car.	Tom washed himself and Dick grew and Harry polished the car.
Tom, Dick and Harry eat, drink and sing.	Tom, Dick and Harry ate, drank and sang.
Tom ordered bacon, dick lettuce and Harry tomatoes.	Tom ordered bacon, lettuce and Harry tomatoes.
Tom ordered bacon, Dick ordered lettuce, I think Harry ordered tomatoes.	Tom ordered bacon and Dick ordered salad, and I think Harry ordered tomatoes.
Joe is taller than Mary.	Joe is taller than Mary.
Joe is taller than Mary.	Joe is taller than Mary.
Joe is taller than Mary I think.	Joe is taller than I think Mary.
If you can sing, Mike can sing.	Mike will sing when you sing.
If he wants, Mike will sing.	Mike will sing if you like.
If Jim feels good, he will go.	Jim will go if he feels good.
If Jim feels good, he will leave.	If Jim feels good, he'll go.
I gave the book to Harvey because he wanted me to do it.	I gave the book to Harvey because he asked me to.
I never thought of leaving Harvey because he was not sensitive to the desires of others.	Harvey never thought I would go because he was insensitive to other people's wishes.
. I found her lying.	. I found out she was lying.
I explained to Bill that she was lying.	I explained to Bill that she had lied.
I take it for granted that she is lying.	I took it for granted that she was lying.
I regret her lying.	I am extremely sorry that she lied.
If he saw him, he would bring me a hot dog.	He'll bring me a hot dog if he sees one.
If he sees a hot dog, he will take me one.	If he sees a hot dog, he brings me one.
If he saw one; he would bring me a hot dog.	When he sees you; He'll bring me a hot dog.
After ten people left, seven more soldiers came in.	Seven more soldiers came in after ten left.
After ten people left, seven more soldiers came in.	After ten had left, seven more soldiers came in.
Harry thought Sally was innocent, although no one believed it.	Harry thinks Sally is innocent even though no one else believes it.
Although no one believed Sally was innocent, Harry did.	Although no one else believes Sally is innocent, Harry believes it.
Although no one believed it, Harry thought Sally was innocent.	Although no one else believes it, Harry believes Sally is innocent.
After Henry finished, Webster touched a sword.	Webster touched a sword after Henry did it.
After Henry touched the sword, Webster did it.	After Henry touched a sword, Webster did it.
After Henry finished, Webster touched a sword.	After Henry did it, Webster touched a sword.
If so, I have lost $500.	If so, I have lost $ 500.
Harry thought Sally was innocent, although no one thought so.	Harry thinks Sally is innocent even though nobody else thinks so.
Although no one thought Sally was innocent, Harry did.	Although no one else thinks Sally is innocent, Harry believes it.
Although no one thought so, Harry thought Sally was innocent.	Although no one else thinks like this, Harry thinks Sally is innocent.
After Henry did so, Webster touched the sword.	Webster touched a sword after Henry did so.
After Henry touched the sword, Webster did just that.	After Henry touched a sword, Webster did so.
After Henry did this, Webster touched a sword.	After Henry did this, Webster touched a sword.
I will do it if I can.	I will work on it if I can work on it.
If no one else deals with this, I will deal with it.	I'll work on it if no one else has worked on it.
If you want, I will work hard.	I'll work on it if you do.
If there is no one else, I will work hard.	I'll work on it if no one else would.
If Same will do the same.	I will work on it if Same will be.
If I can, I will.	If I can work on it, I will.
If possible, I will work hard.	If I can, I'll work on it.
The boy Mary loves hates her.	The boy Mary loves hates her.
The person who ordered the hot dog got one.	The man who ordered a hot dog got one.
Tom said it was going to rain, but I don’t believe it.	Tom says it will rain, but I don't believe it.
He said he would leave, and it was now complete.	He said he would go and now he has done it.
I think Mort is a good person, and Lenny thinks so.	I think Mort is a good guy, and Lenny thinks so too.
Why can't people who normally cut grass today do this?	Why can't the man who normally cuts the grass today?
Mickey and Roger have signed, and White will sign tomorrow.	Mickey and Roger have signed and Whitey will do it tomorrow.
Ronald mocked that if he was nominated, he would run for election.	Ronald scoffs at the belief that if he were nominated, he would run.
Romeo admitted that he and Juliet remained stable.	Romeo admitted that he and Juliet stabilized.
I lost the Japanese calculation rules, and I suspect Peter now has a rule.	I have lost a Japanese slide rule and I am suspicious of the fact that Peter now has one.
The earth is flat, but will anyone who does not believe in the earth raise their hands?	The earth is flat, but will anyone who doesn't believe raise their hands, please?
The pilot who can fly through said that for me, trying to glide on a glider is dangerous.	Pilots who can fly barrel reels say it would be dangerous if I tried a glider.
Those passengers who knew the train was not on fire said that those who thought so set themselves up in the bathroom.	Passengers who knew the train wasn't on fire said that those who thought so had barricaded themselves in the bathrooms.
It’s fun to play with matches; it’s fun to do so, but at the same time, pouring gasoline from one can to another is the most suitable exercise for Ason.	To play with matches; a lot of fun, but doing that while emptying gasoline from one can to another is a sport best reserved for arson.
Swimming is fun, and I believe that those who can’t swim should be taught.	Swimming is fun and I believe that people who can't do it should be taught.
How brave he is!	How brave he is!
How amazing he jumped!	How surprisingly well he dances!
Everyone must think how brave you expect me to believe!	How brave everyone must think you expect me to be!
How brave they must believe in you!	How brave they have to believe you are!
How brave he is!	How brave he is!
When Bill left, everyone would believe that the police had forced me to admit that I shot Sandra.	Bill left when everyone will believe that the police forced me to confess that I shot Sandra.
When I believed the bomb exploded, Bill left.	Bill left when I think the bomb had just exploded.
When I wake up and Susan is asleep, Bill will leave.	When I'm awake and Susan is sleeping, Bill will go.
Bill left when he was sure that no one was awake.	Bill left when it was certain that no one else was awake.
This is a knife used to cut onions.	Here is a knife that you can use to cut the onions.
I brought a razor to shave myself.	I brought a razor with which I could shave.
I brought John a razor to shave myself.	I brought John a razor to shave with.
I brought John a razor and used it to shave myself.	I brought John a razor to shave with.
Here is your plate, let Bob try to start forcing his sister to leave cookies.	Here is a plate on which Bob is supposed to try to force his sister to start the cookies.
Fluffy is sick, few people realize.	Fluffy is sick, which few people recognize.
Fluffy is sick, I'm not sure if you know whether Sarah wants me to believe Joan.	Fluffy is sick and I'm not sure if you know Sarah expects me to think Joan will notice.
Fluffy is sick, I believe few people realize.	Fluffy is sick, which in my opinion only a few people recognize.
Fluffy is sick, surely no one here realizes.	Fluffy is sick, which no one will notice here.
Fluffy is sick, nobody knows.	Fluffy is sick, which nobody knows.
Not everyone knows that fluffy is sick.	Fluffy is sick, as not everyone knows.
Tom said it was this hat, and Al thought you wanted me to wear Jack.	It was this hat that Tom said, Al thought you wanted me to get Jack dressed.
Tom said that El thought you wanted me to wear Jack's clothes in this hat.	What Tom said, Al thought you wanted me to put Jack on, was this hat.
Tom said the hat said El thought you wanted me to wear Jack.	That hat that Tom said, Al thought you wanted me to get Jack dressed.
I believe he is wearing this hat.	It is this hat that I think he wore.
I believe he is wearing this hat.	What I think he was wearing is this hat.
I believe he is wearing this hat.	I think that hat he was wearing.
It is certain that he is wearing this hat.	It is this hat that he wore safely.
It is certain that he is wearing this hat.	What is certain that he wore is this hat.
He must have worn this hat.	He must have worn this hat.
Maxwell is not a doctor like his father.	Maxwell is not the doctor who was his father.
Maxwell is not half his father.	Maxwell is not half the doctor who was his father.
Maxwell is the person who won the Nobel Prize in Literature.	Maxwell is the man who won the Nobel Prize in Astrology.
Maxwell is a doctor.	Maxwell is pretty much the doctor.
Maxwell is not a doctor.	Maxwell is not a great doctor.
Maxwell is more like a doctor than his son.	Maxwell is more of a doctor than his son.
Maxwell was not worried that March would realize that Tom admitted that he knew half of Tom's doctor Bill expected.	Maxwell is not half the doctor who feared Marge would realize that Tom had confessed that he knew Bill was expecting it.
Maxwell is not half of the people around him who think his father is a doctor.	Maxwell is not half of the doctor that people here think his father was.
Maxwell is not a half doctor, if he studies, I believe he will become a doctor.	Maxwell is not half of the doctor I'm sure he would be if he went to college.
He is the happiest person I have ever seen.	He is the happiest I have ever seen.
The most difficult thing to snow was January 12 last year.	The hardest it has ever snowed on was January 12th.
I think I remember once he told me that the hardest one was on January 12 last year.	The hardest thing I remember he ever told me he heard about was snowing was on January 12th.
He is the happiest day I believe he has ever been.	He is the happiest I think he ever was.
I think the most difficult snowfall ever was January 12 last year.	The hardest thing I think has ever snowed was on January 12th.
He is considered the happiest time ever.	He is the happiest who is believed to have been.
Some people think that the most difficult thing to snow here is January 12 last year.	The most difficult thing that is believed to have ever snowed here was on January 12th.
Mary kissed an old friend from Miami.	Mary and an old friend from Miami kissed.
I gave a photo of the covered bridge and a hundred hikers from Hoboken to my sister.	I gave my sister a picture of a covered bridge and a hundred hikers from Hoboken.
Sally may be pregnant, and I know a girl who is definitely pregnant.	Sally could be pregnant and I know a girl who is definitely pregnant.
Sally may be pregnant, I believe Sheila must be pregnant.	Sally could be pregnant, and I believe the claim that Sheila is definitely pregnant.
Sally may be pregnant, I believe Sheila must be pregnant.	Sally could be pregnant, and I think Sheila is definitely pregnant.
Hank plays the guitar and finds arrangements for all ancient folk songs still sung in these hills, while Ernie writes all ancient folk songs still sung in these hills.	Hank plays the guitar and finds arrangements for all the old folk songs that are still sung in these hills, and Ernie writes down all the old folk songs that are still sung in these hills.
They said that Tom would pay, and he would pay.	They said that Tom would pay and he would pay.
They said that Tom was working and he was working.	They said that Tom worked and he works.
They said that Tom would pay, and then pay.	They said that Tom would pay and would pay what he did.
They said that Tom would pay, and he would pay.	They said that Tom would pay and would pay what he wants.
They said that Tom was working and he was working.	They said that Tom worked and works for what he is.
They said that Tom would pay and pay, and I’m sure everyone will tell you that his lawyer wants me to believe he will pay.	You said Tom would pay and I'm sure everyone will tell you that his lawyers expect me to believe that he did.
They said no one would pay, but I knew there was a boy who paid.	They said no one would pay, but I know a boy who paid.
They said that Tom would pay, and I believe he would pay.	They said that Tom would pay and I think he would pay.
They said that Tom would not pay, but he did go to the bank and did pay.	They said that Tom would not pay, but he went to the bank and he paid.
They said that Tom would not pay, but he did go to the bank to pay, and he paid.	They said that Tom would not pay but would pay, he went to the bank and he did.
They said that Tom would pay, and then pay, as everyone knows he paid.	They said that Tom would pay and it is known that he did.
Although Dick is handsome, I still want to marry Herman.	Even though Dick is handsome, I will still marry Herman.
Although Dick is handsome, I still want to marry Herman.	Even though Dick is pretty, I will still marry Herman.
Although everyone wanted me to work hard to force Bill to let Mom agree with Dick, I still wanted to marry Herman.	Handsome, although everyone expects me to try to force Bill to agree with Mom that it is Dick, I still go to Marry Herman.
Although I believe Dick is handsome, I still want to marry Herman.	Although I think Dick looks good, I'm still going to marry Herman.
The more content we pretend to be, the more angry we will be with the doctor.	The happier we pretended to be, the angry we got at the doctors.
I have some papers to grade.	I have to grade some papers.
I have some papers trying to complete the grading.	I have some papers to try to complete the grading.
I have entered university to consider.	I have to go to college to think about it.
Wilt's height is higher than I thought, and no one would think that people have begun to expect Red to announce that he is.	Wilt is bigger than I can imagine that anyone would ever suspect that people expected Red to announce that he was.
The sofa is longer than the table.	The sofa was longer than the desk.
The sofa is longer than the table.	The sofa was longer than the desk.
Wilt is taller than I think Bill.	Wilt is bigger than I think Bill is.
Wilt is higher than Bill usually thinks.	Wilt is larger than is commonly believed.
Willie is 7mm taller than Bill.	Willy is 7 millimeters taller than Bill.
Scrooge generously raises Tom's father, increasing his annual salary by 5 cents.	The increase that Scrooge generously gave to Tom's father increased his annual salary by five cents.
The hare is much larger than the turtle, so much so that he forgets that the latter is even in the game.	The rabbit overtook the turtle so much that he forgot that it was still in the race.
Who knew Mickey would overthrow the home plate so much?	Who would have thought that Mickey would overthrow the Home Plate?
Willie is so much taller than Bill.	Willy is so much bigger than Bill.
John is so much taller than Bill.	John is so much bigger than Bill.
Willie is taller than Bill, and Jordan is taller than Dan.	Willy is as much taller than Bill as Joe is taller than the Dan.
Willie is taller than Bill and taller than Jordan.	Willy is bigger than Bill, more than Joe bigger than Dan.
Willie is taller than Bill, who seems to want me to admit that I believe that I believe myself higher than anyone.	Willy is so much bigger than Bill, as everyone seems to expect me to admit that I have publicly announced that I believed.
Willie is taller than Bill, and Peter thinks Billy is taller than Dan.	Willy is taller than Bill, just as Peter believes Billy is taller than Dan.
Willie is taller than Bill, and taller than Joe Jordan.	Willy is taller than Bill, just as Joe is believed to be taller than Dan.
The stone is too heavy for me to pick it up.	The stone was too heavy for me to pick up.
For me, this stone is too heavy to start deciding to help Bob try to pick it up.	This stone is too heavy for me to choose to help Bob pick it up.
Sodium is too irritating for me and I don't want to try to mix it with the water in the tea cup.	Sodium is a little too lively to mix with water in a teacup.
Bob is too thin for me to squeeze into his jacket.	Bob is too thin to push into his jacket.
This rock is light enough for Marcia to pick it up.	This stone is light enough for Marcia to pick it up.
The stone was so light that Marcia picked it up.	This stone is light enough for Marcia to pick it up.
The socks are ready for you to put on.	The socks are ready to put on.
The socks are ready for you, you can start wearing them.	The socks are ready so you can start putting them on.
The socks are ready for you to announce that you want to put them on.	The socks are ready so you can announce that you will put them on.
The socks are ready for you to try on and put on the shoes.	The socks are ready so you can try them on and the shoes.
John is ready for you to check his bed.	John is ready for you to inspect his bunk.
It is difficult to play sonatas with this violin.	It is difficult to play sonatas on this violin.
Sonata is difficult to play on the violin.	Sonatas are difficult to play on this violin.
It is easy to play sonatas with this violin.	Sonatas are easy to play on this violin.
Sonata is difficult to play this violin.	Sonatas are difficult to play on this violin.
This violin is easy to play sonatas.	Sonatas are easy to play on this violin.
This violin is difficult to play sonatas.	This violin is difficult to play.
I made John easy to get along with.	I made it easy for John to get by.
I get along easily with John.	I made it easy for myself to get along with John.
John tried to live in harmony.	John tries to be easy to understand.
My father is Armenian and my mother is Greek.	My father, he is Armenian, and my mother, she is Greek.
I said my father, he was as tight as an owl.	I said my father was as tight as an owl.
Father, when they don't stare at each other, I almost never see him and his mother.	My father, I hardly see him and my mother when they don't stare at each other.
This guitar, I sang folk songs, and accompany myself all my life.	I sang this guitar in folk songs and accompanied myself throughout my life.
My father, who has lived here all his life, is well known to the police.	My father knows that he has spent his whole life here.
My wife, someone stole her handbag last night.	My wife, someone stole her purse last night.
Yesterday, the police told the gatekeeper about the robbery.	You spoke to the caretaker yesterday about the robbery, the police.
The police told him about the gatekeeper of the robbery yesterday.	The police spoke to him yesterday about the robbery, the caretaker.
The police told the gatekeeper about the robbery yesterday.	The police spoke to the caretaker yesterday about this robbery.
They told the police a robbery yesterday, that is the police, which is really terrible.	It's terrible that you spoke to the caretaker yesterday about this robbery, the police.
The police spoke to the gatekeeper on this matter yesterday, and the robbery was terrible.	That the police spoke to the caretaker yesterday about this robbery is terrible.
You and me, we do it together.	We'll do it together, you and me.
You and me, we do it together.	We'll do it together, you and me.
They can't stand it, he and her.	You can't stand it, he and she.
They cannot stand together, he and her.	You can't stand it, he and she.
He, they let him go yesterday.	They let him go yesterday.
Me, I like beer.	I like beer.
Us, let's go together.	We'll go together.
They cannot bear each other.	You can't stand it.
Yesterday, you were a friend from Boston. I saw Mary and him in the city.	I saw him and him downtown yesterday, your friend from Boston.
Last night, I was a friend from Boston and noticed his car in the driveway.	I saw his car in the driveway last night, your friend from Boston.
I talked to him about war yesterday, the guy who has been following us.	I talked to him about war yesterday, the guy who always follows us.
I just saw that the girl whose long John claimed to be a Martian made all the headlines.	I just saw the girl Long John’s claim that he was a Martian made all the headlines.
The papers they submitted were terrible to all students, and I am not allowed to register next semester.	All the students whose papers were submitted were lousy. I will not allow me to register in the next semester.
Isn't the warden and his guy who has seen the flying saucer?	Didn't this guy the gamekeeper and he saw break a flying saucer?
Palmer is a stupid person for him to stay in school.	Palmer is a guy who would be stupid if he stayed in school.
"King Kong" is a movie, if you watch it, you will laugh at yourself.	King Kong is a movie that will make you laugh when you see it.
Enrico, the smartest of all of us, got the answer in seven seconds.	Enrico, the smartest of us all, received the answer in seven seconds.
Enrico (Enrico) is the smartest of us, he got the answer in seven seconds.	Enrico, and he's the smartest of all of us, got the answer in seven seconds.
Is even Clarence wearing lilac socks slutty?	Is even Clarence wearing purple socks a swinger?
There are seven pine trees behind the barn.	There are seven pines behind this barn.
There are seven pine trees behind the barn.	There are seven pines behind this barn.
There are seven pine trees behind the barn.	This barn has seven pines behind it.
There will be a hole in Jack's pocket.	There will be a hole in Jack's pocket.
There is a hole in Jack's pocket.	Jack will have a hole in his pocket.
There is a hole in Jack's pocket.	Jack's pocket will have a hole.
There is a hole in the upper right corner of John's quilt.	John's quilt has a hole in the upper right corner.
John has a hole in the upper right corner of the quilt.	John has a hole in the upper right corner of his blanket.
There are seven holes in the doors and windows.	There are seven holes in the door and window.
Sister Jerry has a flaw at the end of her nose.	There is a flaw at the end of Jerry's sister's nose.
Jerry's sister has a flaw on the end of her nose.	Jerry's sister has a blemish on the end of her nose.
There is a hole in the carpet that Toby bought in Boston.	There is a hole in the carpet that Toby bought in Boston.
The proof presented by Johns was wrong.	There was an error in the evidence that Johns presented.
Fred was sitting with a snake behind the car.	There was a snake behind the car in which Fred was sitting.
The proof presented by John is wrong.	John had a mistake in the evidence he presented.
Fred Joe was sitting with a snake behind the car.	Fred had a queue behind the car in which Joe was sitting.
Fred was sitting with a snake behind the car.	Fred had a queue behind the car in which he was sitting.
The dog was injured, and the dog had a yellow collar.	The dog had a yellow collar that had injured the car.
The time bomb is sitting behind the car with a snake.	Behind the car was a snake with the time bomb in it.
Hundreds of people shouted to let me put it down gently.	Several hundred people shouted to lie down gently.
There were hundreds of people who asked me to put down the hot potatoes and fill them with TNT.	The hot potato that several hundred people roared for me to put down gently turned out to be filled with TNT.
Bartlett and Tony dance.	Bartlett and Toni danced.
Bartlett and Tony dance.	Bartlett danced with Toni.
She wore that old fedora hated me.	It bothers me when she wears this old fedora.
I hope it has no say.	I would prefer not to talk.
He gave my telescope to the girl.	He gave my binoculars to this girl.
He gave the girl my binoculars.	He gave my binoculars to the girl.
Which girl did he give my binoculars to?	Which girl did he give my binoculars to?
He gave my binoculars to the girl.	He gave my binoculars to this girl.
Bill confirmed that Roger had eaten the cake.	Bill confirmed that Roger had eaten the cake.
Bill claimed that Roger had already eaten the cake.	Bill claimed that Roger had eaten the cake.
Bill claimed that Roger had already eaten the cake.	Bill claimed that Roger had eaten the cake.
What did Bill allege that Roger had eaten?	What did Bill say Roger had eaten?
Waldo did not report anyone leaving.	Waldo did not report that anyone had left.
The person who once swore to me had better watch his steps.	Anyone who ever insults me should watch their step better.
I hope all the students who have tried to pat Fido show me their scars.	I want all the students who have ever tried to stroke Fido to show me their scars.
The only traveler who has not been robbed by anyone should not carry a machete.	The only travelers who have ever been robbed do not wear machetes.
I don't remember the names of people who have any doubts.	I can't remember the name of someone who had any concerns.
I have worked in any office and anyone with a typewriter knows what I mean, and the typewriter has been used to type letters that must be signed by any administrator working in any department.	Anyone who has ever worked in an office that contained a typewriter that used to write letters that had to be signed by an administrator who had ever worked in a department like mine will know what I mean.
No student who goes to Europe has enough money.	No student who ever goes to Europe ever has enough money.
I realized it was raining and some crops were destroyed.	I realized that it had rained and some crops had been destroyed.
I didn't realize it was raining and some crops were destroyed.	I didn't know it had rained and some crops had been destroyed.
I didn't eat ice cream or cake.	I haven't eaten ice cream or cake.
John and Mary met in Vienna.	John and Mary met in Vienna.
John met Mary in Vienna.	John met Mary in Vienna.
Few writers meet with playwrights in Vienna.	Few writers meet dramatists in Vienna.
My brother has not seen a few Americans in Vienna.	My brother only meets a few Americans in Vienna.
There are no writers or dramatists, and the words are clear.	No writer or dramatist speaks clearly.
No writer nor dramatist made it clear.	No writer or playwright speaks clearly.
Bill thinks Anna is very similar to him.	Bill thinks Anna and he are alike.
Bill thinks Anna is very similar to him.	Bill thinks Anna and he are similar.
I deny that Bob must be rich.	I deny that it is certain that Bob has money.
Tom will not force you to marry any student.	Tom won't force you to marry a student.
Tom will force you not to marry any students.	Tom will force you not to marry a student.
There is no author of the report.	The authors of none of the reports.
Tom will force you not to marry any students, nor will I marry.	Tom will force you not to marry a student, and neither will I.
Not sure you will marry any student.	It is not certain that you will marry a student.
Not sure that you will marry any particular student.	It is not certain that you will marry a particular student.
You can be sure that you will not marry any student.	It is certain that you will not marry a student.
You are not sure whether you want to marry any particular student.	It is not certain that you will marry a particular student.
The man I took a picture of John was bald.	The man I gave John a picture of was bald.
I give Jack a picture of myself.	I gave Jack a picture of me.
I didn't give Jack any photos.	I didn't give Jack a picture of anyone.
I hope I don't step on anyone's foot.	I hope I don't step on anyone's toes.
Abernathy admitted that the poisonous letter was written by my sister and him.	Abernathy admitted that the poison letter was written by my sister and him.
Abernathy admitted that the poisonous letter was written by my sister and himself.	Abernathy admitted that the poison letter was written by my sister and himself.
The sun has clearly come out.	It is obvious that the sun was outside.
No one has ever left.	It is not known that anyone has ever left.
Who can leave is uncertain.	It is not certain that anyone has ever left.
No one can leave.	It is impossible for anyone to ever go.
Everything that anyone left surprised me.	I'm surprised that anyone ever went.
Tonight, Bob’s meal yesterday was still delicious.	What Bob cooked last night still tastes good tonight.
Tonight, Bob’s meal yesterday was still delicious, so Bob’s meal yesterday was eaten.	What Bob cooked yesterday still tastes good tonight. Tonight, what Bob cooked yesterday will be eaten.
Tonight, what Bob cooked yesterday is still delicious, so tonight it will be eaten up.	Tonight, what Bob cooked yesterday still tastes good, so it'll be eaten this evening.
Martha brought an apple to Mina.	Martha gave Myrna an apple.
Lee threw the ball at Lane.	Leigh threw the ball to Lane.
Leigh threw the ball.	Leigh threw Lane the ball.
The noise caused Terry a headache.	The sound gave Terry a headache.
Jill pitched the ball from homer to third base.	Jill threw the ball from home plate to third base.
Jill kicked the ball from home plate to third base.	Jill kicked the ball from home plate to third base.
I took the bike from the house on the beach to the house on the mountain.	I sent the bike from my house on the beach to my house in the mountains.
I transported my bicycle from the house on the beach to the house on the mountain.	I sent the bike from my house on the beach to my house in the mountains.
Fred threw the ball under the porch.	Fred threw the ball under the porch.
Fred threw the ball behind the tree.	Fred threw the ball behind the tree.
Fred threw the ball on the fence.	Fred threw the ball over the fence.
Fred kicked the ball under the porch.	Fred kicked the ball under the porch.
Fred kicked the ball behind the tree.	Fred kicked the ball behind the tree.
Fred kicked the ball across the fence.	Fred kicked the ball over the fence.
Felicia (Felicia) threw the ball on the bench.	Felicia threw the ball off the bench.
Felicia threw the ball out of the window.	Felicia threw the ball out of the window.
Felicia kicked the ball out of the window.	Felicia kicked the ball out the window.
Annie was curious why her father had sent her a telegram to the United States to return home immediately.	Anne is curious as to why her father sent her a telegram to America to return home immediately.
Where did you throw the ball? To third base.	Where did you throw the ball? To the third base.
Where did you send your bike? Go to Rome.	Where did you send the bike to? To Rome.
I gave the package to Maria.	I gave the package to Maria.
I sent the package to London.	I have sent the package to London.
I threw the ball to Maria.	I threw the ball to Maria.
I threw the ball to the other end of the field.	I threw the ball across the field.
Jack threw the ball all the way towards Bill.	Jake threw the ball up to Bill.
Jack threw the ball at Bill.	Jake threw the ball halfway to Bill.
Jack kicked the ball towards Bill.	Jake kicked the ball up to Bill.
Jack kicked the ball to half of Bill.	Jake kicked the ball halfway to Bill.
I sent the parcel all over the world.	I have sent the package around the world.
I sent the package to Antarctica.	I sent the package to Antarctica.
I ship the parcel all over the world.	I have shipped the package halfway around the world.
I ship the parcel all over the world.	I have shipped the package all over the world.
I transported the package to Antarctica halfway.	I shipped the package halfway to Antarctica.
Apply a layer of fresh paint to the front door.	Give the front door a new coat of paint.
One of the Jewish children was a behemoth girl. Before the war began, this dark eye gave this child of German origin black eyes.	One of the Jewish children is a spunky girl who gave the child with German roots a black eye before the war began.
There is a layer of fresh paint on the door.	The door has a fresh coat of paint.
The chunky girl has dark eyes.	The spunky girl has a black eye.
I assure all visitors a good time.	I promise a good time to everyone who comes.
Everyone who comes will have a good time.	Everyone who comes will have a good time.
He died of exhaustion.	He died of exhaustion.
The water melted into ice.	The water melted into ice.
The water melted into ice.	The water melted into ice.
His grandfather gave him a huge sum of money.	A large amount of money came from his grandfather to him.
The close connection with the law made him fear God.	The close examination of the law brought the fear of God into him.
She fell in love.	She fell in love.
She is not happy.	She fell into a pout.
She fell into funk.	It fell into a radio.
Who did you give the ball to?	Who did you give the ball to?
Who did you throw the ball at?	Who did you throw the ball at?
Where did you throw the ball?	Where did you throw the ball?
To whom did you send the package?	Who did you send the package to?
Where do you send the package?	Where did you send the package to?
Smith threw the ball to the first baseman.	Smith threw the ball to the first baseman.
Smith threw the first baseman to the ball.	Smith threw the ball to the first baseman.
Smith envied Jones' good luck.	Smith envied Jones his luck.
No one can forgive your comment.	Nobody can forgive you for this comment.
The recession caused my grandfather to raise his salary.	The recession cost my grandfather a raise.
Mary taught John Linguistics.	Mary taught John linguistics.
Mary taught linguistics to John.	Mary taught John linguistics.
I threw the ball to Julian, but unfortunately without him.	I threw the ball at Julian, but it stayed behind him.
Max provided help to the victim, but they rejected his proposal.	Max offered help to the victims, but they declined his offer.
Max provided help to the victim, but they rejected his proposal.	Max offered help to the victims, but they declined his offer.
Sarah agreed to give Catherine her old car, but then gave it to her son.	Sarah promised Catherine her old car, but gave it to her son instead.
I have taught them English for a whole year, but they seem to have not yet learned it.	I've taught them English for a year, but they don't seem to have learned it.
I read his numbers, but when I looked up, he left.	I read the numbers to him, but when I looked up he was gone.
I threw you a lifeline, you giggled.	I throw you a lifeline and you giggle.
I kicked him, but the wind misled it.	I kicked the ball but the wind blew him astray.
I threw the ball to Mary, but she was looking at the bird flying overhead without even noticing.	I threw the ball at Mary, but she looked at the birds flying over me and didn't even notice.
I threw the ball to Mary, but she looked at the birds flying overhead without even noticing.	I threw the ball at Mary, but she looked at the birds flying over me and didn't even notice.
Lewis gave Sam a bicycle, but he didn't arrive.	Lewis sent Sam a bike, but it never came.
Lewis gave Sam a bicycle, but he didn't arrive.	Lewis sent Sam a bike, but it never came.
The police read out the rights of the detainees, but no one was paying attention.	The police read the prisoners' rights, but none of them paid any attention.
I wrote a letter to Blair, but I tore it before sending it to me.	I wrote a letter to Blair, but I tore it up before I sent it.
The police read out their rights to the detainees, but no one was paying attention.	The police read their rights to the prisoners, but none of them paid any attention.
I wrote a letter to Blair, but tore it before sending it to me.	I wrote a letter to Blair, but I tore it up before I sent it.
Ann copied the manuscript, but she did not complete it.	Ann copied the manuscript, but she didn't finish it.
Alex read the newspaper for an hour.	Alex read the newspaper for an hour.
Alex read the newspaper within an hour.	Alex read the newspaper in an hour.
Sandy teaches the children the alphabet, but until the letter "r".	Sandy taught the children the alphabet, but only got the letter "r".
Maxine read the children good night moon, but they fell asleep before she reached the end.	Maxine read Goodnight Moon to the children, but they fell asleep before the end.
The interview with Richard Nixon gave Norman Mailer a book.	The interview with Richard Nixon gave Norman Mailer a book.
Nixon's manner reminded Mailer of a book.	Nixon's behavior gave Mailer an idea for a book.
Nixon’s move provided a book idea for every reporter who lived in New York City in the 1970s.	Nixon's behavior gave every New York journalist an idea for a book in the 1970s.
We applied a fresh coat of paint to the house.	We have given the house a new coat of paint.
The five ``soundscape'' works bring a joyous atmosphere to the park square.	The five "Soundscape" pieces gave Park Square a festive atmosphere.
Gaudi Gillespie can still concentrate.	Gordie Gillespie can still give the umps some of his thoughts.
I sent the salesman to the devil.	I sent the seller to hell.
Nixon's manner gave every reporter who lived in New York the idea of ??a book.	Nixon's behavior gave every journalist living in New York an idea for a book.
Music adds a joyful atmosphere to the party.	The music gave the party a festive atmosphere.
It is difficult to get the idea of ??a book through an interview alone.	It is very difficult to simply get an idea for a book from an interview.
This is incomprehensible and will definitely cause headaches for those who are exhausted.	It is illegible and is guaranteed to be a headache for anyone who looks closely at the small print.
``Do my best tax'' makes 22% of Americans surveyed by Pfizer have a headache, the latter produces Tylenol painkillers.	"Paying my taxes" causes 22 percent of Americans surveyed for Pfizer to manufacture Tylenol pain relievers.
Lopez said he did more than just apply fresh paint to the scene.	Lopez says that he did more than just paint the construction site.
I think it's time for you to give the lovely illness to others!	I think it's time to give your beautiful illness to someone else!
Sharon sprayed the plants with water.	Sharon sprayed the plants with water.
The farmer loaded the apples on the cart.	The farmer loaded apples into the car.
Monica covered the baby with a blanket.	Monica covered the baby with a blanket.
Carla poured lemonade into the pitcher.	Carla poured lemonade into the pitcher.
The farmer threw the apple into the shopping cart.	The farmer threw apples into the car.
The window is broken.	The window broke.
The little boy broke the window.	The little boy broke the window.
A rabbit appeared on the magician's hat.	A rabbit emerged from the magician's hat.
Martha carved a baby toy from wood.	Martha carved a wooden toy for the baby.
Martha carved wood into baby toys.	Martha carved some wood into a toy for the baby.
Margaret cut the bread.	Margaret cut the bread.
Janet broke the vase.	Janet broke the vase.
Terry touched the cat.	Terry touched the cat.
Carla hit the door.	Carla opened the door.
Crystal vases are easy to break.	Crystal vases break easily.
Margaret cut the bread.	Margaret cut bread.
Carla hit the door.	Carla knocked on the door.
Margaret cut Bill's arm.	Margaret cut Bill's arm.
Margaret cut Bill's arm.	Margaret cut Bill's arm.
Janet broke Bill's finger.	Janet broke Bill's finger.
Terry touched Bill's shoulder.	Terry touched Bill's shoulder.
Terry touched Bill's shoulder.	Terry touched Bill's shoulder.
Kara hit Bill's back.	Carla slapped Bill on the back.
Kara hit Bill's back.	Carla slapped Bill on the back.
Jean moved the table.	Jean moved the table.
Margaret cut the rope.	Margaret cut the cord.
Butcher cutting meat.	a The butcher cuts the meat.
Meat is easy to cut.	The meat cuts easily.
Janet broke the crystal.	Janet broke the crystal.
The crystal broke through little by little.	Crystal breaks at the slightest touch.
Kelly likes French fabrics.	Kelly loves French fabrics.
Joan knows the answer.	Joan knew the answer.
Bill slammed the metal.	Bill hit the metal.
Bill slammed the metal command.	Bill hit the metal fiat.
This metal will not flatten.	This metal will not hit flat.
The cup is broken.	The cup broke.
They gave me the bicycle.	They gave me the bike.
Sylvia jumped the horse over the fence.	Sylvia jumped the horse over the fence.
The horse jumped over the fence.	The horse jumped over the fence.
Scientists let the mouse go through the maze.	The scientist let the rats run through the labyrinth.
The mouse rushed across the maze.	The rats ran through the labyrinth.
The bell rang.	The bell rang.
They stood the statue on the pedestal.	They put the statue on the base.
The statue stands on the pedestal.	The statue was on the base.
The army placed the soldiers in the school building.	The army housed the soldiers in the school house.
The heat emitted by the sun.	Heat radiates from the sun.
The sun emits heat.	The sun radiates warmth.
The departing passenger waved to the crowd.	The departing passenger waved to the crowd.
I shaved.	I shaved my face.
I shave	I shaved.
Celia braided her hair.	Celia braided her hair.
Jill was dressed anxiously.	Jill got dressed hastily.
Tessa cut herself.	Tessa cut herself.
We put ourselves on the bus.	We loaded onto the bus.
We loaded the bus.	We loaded onto the bus.
We set ourselves free.	We broke free.
Annie met Cathy.	Anne met Cathy.
Annie and Cathy met.	Anne and Cathy met.
Brenda and Molly chat.	Brenda and Molly were talking.
Drunk man holding a lamp post.	The drunk hugged the lamp post.
Italy touches France.	Italy touches France.
Italy and France meet.	Italy and France touch.
Allen and Helen argued.	Ellen and Helen were arguing.
The sign warns us not to skate on the pond.	The sign warned us about skating on the pond.
This sign warns against skating on the pond.	The sign warned of skating on the pond.
Discuss the same phenomenon in Russian.	to discuss the same phenomenon in Russian.
The dog bites.	This dog bites people.
The dog bit.	This dog bites.
I used this knife to cut the bread.	I cut the bread with this knife.
This knife cut the bread.	This knife cut the bread.
This knife is not cut.	This knife doesn't cut.
These scissors cut well.	These scissors are easy to attach.
The local record is good.	This machine records well.
This oven cooks well.	This oven cooks well.
This lotion can soften, soothe and protect the skin.	This lotion softens, soothes and protects.
This polish can clean, protect and shine.	This polish cleans, protects and shines.
This key will not open Jock.	This key does not open the jock.
This hammer won't break the window.	This hammer won't break the window.
They walked through the crowd.	They pushed their way through the crowd.
They walked through the crowd.	They pushed their way through the crowd.
Bake for 30 minutes.	Bake for 30 minutes.
Paula hit the wall.	Paula hit the fence.
Paula hit the fence.	Paula hit the fence.
Faustina sprayed lilies.	Faustina sprayed the lilies.
I push the table.	I pushed the table.
I push the table.	I pressed the table.
I push the table.	I pressed the table.
I push the table.	I pressed myself against the table.
The mouse ni cheese.	The mouse nibbled on the cheese.
The mouse ni cheese.	The mouse nibbled on the cheese.
The mouse ni cheese.	The mouse nibbled on the cheese.
Martha climbed up the mountain.	Martha climbed the mountain.
Martha climbed up the mountain.	Martha climbed the mountain.
They glide along the canal.	They ran along the canals.
They skate on the canal.	They ran through the canals.
The spaceship revolves around the earth.	The spaceship rotates around the earth.
Martha slowly went downstairs.	Martha slowly descended the stairs.
Jill met Sarah.	Jill met Sarah.
Gil hugged Sara.	Jill hugged Sarah.
Bill sold Tom a car.	Bill sold Tom a car.
Bill sent the package to London.	Bill sent a package to London.
Bill sent a package to Tom.	Bill sent Tom a package.
Martha carved a toy for the baby.	Martha carved a toy for the baby.
Martha carved a toy for the baby.	Martha carved a toy for the baby.
The architect chose a house for the couple.	The architect chose a house for the couple.
Jack sprayed paint on the wall.	Jack sprayed paint on the wall.
Jack sprayed paint on the wall.	Jack sprayed paint on the wall.
The baby was covered with a blanket in June.	June covered the baby with a blanket.
Henry cleared the plate from the table.	Henry cleared the dishes from the table.
Henry cleaned the table.	Henry cleared the table.
The thief stole the picture from the museum.	The thief stole the painting from the museum.
The doctor cured Pat's pneumonia.	The doctor cured Pat from pneumonia.
Helen wiped the wall.	Helen wiped the wall.
Bees swarmed in the garden.	Bees swarm in the garden.
There are bees everywhere in the garden.	The garden is full of bees.
The dark clouds cleared from the sky.	Clouds rose from the sky.
The sky is clear.	The sky cleared.
Martha carved wood into toys.	Martha carved the piece of wood into a toy.
David built the house from there.	David built a house.
David built the house with bricks.	David built a brick house.
I beat the eggs into foam.	I whipped the eggs into a foam.
The witch turned him into a frog.	The witch turned him into a frog.
An oak tree will grow from that acorn.	An oak grows from this acorn.
The witch changed him from a prince to a frog.	The witch turned him from a prince into a frog.
He changed from a prince to a frog.	He changed from a prince to a frog.
The car hit the fence.	The car collided with the fence.
I separate the yolk from the white.	I separated the yolk from the white.
I separated the yolk from the white.	I separated the egg yolk and the white.
I mixed sugar and butter.	I mixed the sugar and butter.
I confused Maria and Anna.	I mistaken Maria for Anna.
I confused Maria and Anna.	I confused Maria and Anna.
Linda put the label on the cover.	Linda stuck the label on the cover.
Harriet alternated folk songs with popular songs.	Harriet alternated folk songs with pop songs.
I separated the branch from the branch.	I broke the branch and the branch apart.
Brenda agrees with Molly.	Brenda agreed with Molly.
Brenda and Molly agreed.	Brenda and Molly agreed.
The oil is separated from the vinegar.	The oil separated from the vinegar.
Separate oil and vinegar.	The oil and the vinegar separated.
Bill and Casey are married.	Bill and Kathy got married.
The branch fell off the branch.	The branch broke off the branch.
Eggs and cream are mixed together.	The eggs and the cream are mixed.
The branches and branches are separated.	The branch and the branch broke apart.
The judge presented the prize to the winner.	The judge presented the winner with a prize.
The judge presented the prize to the winner.	The judge offered the winner a prize.
The judge rewarded the winners.	The judge saddled the winner with a prize.
The jeweler engraved the name on the ring.	The jeweler wrote the name in the ring.
The jeweler engraved the name on the ring.	The jeweler wrote the ring with the name.
The jeweler copied the name on the ring.	The jeweler copied the name onto the ring.
The name of the jeweler decorated the ring.	The jeweler adorned the ring with the name.
Bryan smashed the fence with a stick.	Brian hit the fence with his stick.
Tang used a newspaper to put out the mosquitoes.	Don hit the mosquito with the newspaper.
Alison pierced the cloth with a needle.	Alison pierced the cloth with a needle.
Paula hit the fence with a stick.	Paula hit the fence with the stick.
Mira blamed the accident on Terry.	Mira blamed Terry for the accident.
Mira blamed the accident on Terry.	Mira blamed Terry for the accident.
Ida hunts deer in the woods.	Ida looked for deer in the forest.
Aida hunts deer in the woods.	Ida hunted deer in the forest.
Aida hunts deer in the woods.	Ida hunted deer in the forest.
Melissa looked for clues in the newspaper.	Melissa looked for a clue in the newspapers.
Melissa looks for clues in the file.	Melissa looked for a clue in the newspapers.
I am fighting in the woods.	I searched the forest for game.
I follow the game in the woods.	I followed game in the forest.
We rummaged documents on the table.	We rummaged for papers in the desk.
Selena touched her horse.	Selina touched the horse on the back.
Selina stroked the horse.	Selina touched the horse's back.
The horse kicked the penny.	The horse kicked Penny in the shin.
The horse kicked bamboo enny's shin.	The horse kicked Penny's shin.
Alison poked Daisy's ribs.	Alison slapped Daisy in the ribs.
Alison poked Daisy's ribs.	Alison nudged Daisy's ribs.
The horse broke bamboo enny's shin.	The horse broke Penny's shin.
The glass cut Rachel's toes.	The glass cut Rachel's toe.
They praised the volunteers for their dedication.	They praised the volunteers' commitment.
They praised the volunteers for their dedication.	They praised the volunteers for their efforts.
I admire his courage.	I admired him for his courage.
The inspector analyzed the stability of the building.	The inspector analyzed the solidity of the building.
The inspector analyzed the stability of the building.	The inspector analyzed the building for its solidity.
I appreciate his honesty.	I admired his honesty.
I appreciate his honesty.	I admired the honesty in him.
I admire his honesty.	I admired him for his honesty.
I feel his desire.	I felt the zeal in him.
Mark's wholeheartedness made me feel scared.	Mark frightened me with his determination.
Mark's single-mindedness made me feel scared.	I was startled by Mark's determination.
The clown made the children happy because of the antics.	The clown amused the children with his antics.
The clown's antics make the children happy.	The clown's antics amused the children.
Meat prices fell.	Meat fell in price.
Meat prices fell.	The price of meat fell.
The President appointed Smith's press secretary.	The president appointed Smith press officer.
The President appointed Smith as press secretary.	The president appointed Smith press officer.
Angela sees Shelly as a savior.	Angela characterized Shelly as a lifesaver.
The world witnessed the beginning of a new era in 1492.	The world saw the beginning of a new era in 1492.
1492 is the beginning of a new era.	A new era began in 1492.
I dried my clothes in the sun.	I dried my clothes in the sun.
The sun dried the clothes.	The sun dried clothes.
David broke the window with a hammer.	David broke the window with a hammer.
The crane loaded the truck into the car.	The crane loaded the truck.
He used this letter to determine his innocence.	With the letter he found his innocence.
This letter proved his innocence.	The letter justified his innocence.
I filled the bucket with water.	I filled the bucket with water.
The water filled the bucket.	Water filled the bucket.
We sleep five people in each room.	We sleep five people in each room.
Five people sleep in each room.	Each room can accommodate five people.
I incorporated the new results into the paper.	I have included the new results in the paper.
This article incorporates new results.	The paper contains the new results.
Whole wheat flour makes delicious bread.	The wholemeal flour bakes wonderful bread.
I bought you a $5 ticket.	I bought you a ticket for $ 5.
A ticket will be purchased for $5.	$ 5 buy a ticket.
$5 will buy you a ticket.	$ 5 buy a ticket.
The contractor will build a house for $100,000.	The contractor will build a house for $ 100,000.
The contractor will build the house for you for $100,000.	The contractor will build you a house for $ 100,000.
$100,000 will build you a house.	$ 100,000 will build you a house.
$100,000 will build the house.	$ 100,000 will build a house.
The middle class will benefit from the new tax law.	The middle class will benefit from the new tax laws.
The new tax law will benefit the middle class.	The new tax laws will benefit the middle class.
The middle class will benefit from the new tax law.	The middle class will benefit from the new tax laws.
Butcher cutting meat.	The butcher cuts the meat.
The housekeeper polished the silver.	The butler polished the silver.
This silver polishes itself.	This silver is polished.
The audience watched the movie.	The audience saw the film.
The window will open automatically.	This window simply opens by itself.
The heat melted the ice cream.	The heat melted the ice.
This book only sells itself.	This book just sells itself.
I proposed a solution to this problem yesterday.	I presented a solution to the problem yesterday.
Yesterday proposed a solution to the problem.	A solution to the problem came up yesterday.
The chef sliced ??the mushrooms.	The cook cut the mushrooms into slices.
The mushrooms were cut into thin slices by the chef.	The mushrooms were sliced ??by the cook.
Columbus believed that the earth was round.	Columbus believed that the earth was round.
Columbus believed that the earth was round.	Columbus believed that the earth was round.
People think that the earth is round.	It was believed that the earth was round.
The police have been monitoring the suspect.	The police monitored the suspect.
Keep the label on the suspect.	The suspect was under surveillance.
Lax supervision is used.	The lax supervision was exploited.
George Washington slept in this bed.	This bed was slept by George Washington.
The pillow was still stuffed with feathers.	The pillow remained filled with feathers.
There are flowering plants on the windowsill.	There is a flowering plant on the windowsill.
There are flowering plants on the windowsill.	There is a flowering plant on the windowsill.
problem appear.	A problem developed.
something is wrong.	A problem developed.
A ship appeared on the horizon.	A ship appeared on the horizon.
A ship appeared on the horizon.	A ship appeared on the horizon.
A little boy rushed into the room.	A little boy shot into the room.
There, a little boy rushed into the room.	There a little boy shot into the room.
A little boy ran in the yard.	A little boy ran into the yard.
An ancient treasure trove was found in this cave.	An old treasury was found in this cave.
An ancient treasure trove was found in this cave.	An old treasury was found in this cave.
Suddenly an ugly old man entered the hall.	Suddenly an ugly old man entered the hall.
Suddenly, an ugly old man entered the hall.	Suddenly an ugly old man entered the hall.
A lot of snow melted on the streets of Chicago.	A lot of snow melted on the streets of Chicago.
On the windowsill are flowering plants.	There is a flowering plant on the windowsill.
An old lady lives in the woods.	An old woman lives in the forest.
A cat jumped on the table.	A cat jumped on the table.
A cat jumped on the table.	A cat jumped on the table.
A choir sang in the church.	A choir sang in the church.
Sang a choir in the church.	A choir sang in the church.
An ancient treasure trove was found in this cave.	An old treasury was found in this cave.
Violent demonstrations took place in the main square.	A violent demonstration took place in the main square.
Sarah laughed.	Sarah smiled.
Sarah sings.	Sarah sang.
Sarah sang a song.	Sarah sang a song.
Sarah sang a ballad.	Sarah sang a ballad.
Sarah sang an aria.	Sarah sang an aria.
Sarah sang a hymn.	Sarah sang an anthem.
Sarah sang the national anthem.	Sarah sang the hymn.
Heather snorted.	Heather snorted.
Kelly buttered the bread.	Kelly buttered the bread.
Kelly spread unsalted butter on the bread.	Kelly spread unsalted butter on the bread.
Linda glued the box with double-sided tape.	Linda glued the box in place with double-sided tape.
These people can mine more gold.	The men were able to mine more gold.
Pauline smiled and thanked her.	Pauline smiled gratefully.
Sandra laughed.	Sandra beamed.
She mumbled to herself.	She murmured.
She murmured and worshipped her.	She muttered her adoration.
They shop in New York.	They bought themselves in New York.
He has been working hard in this book.	He worked his way through the book.
She stipulated a solution to the problem.	She determined her way out of the problem.
The boy walked through the crowd.	The boy pushed through the crowd.
The explorers traveled through the jungle.	The explorers make their way through the jungle.
The silversmith smashed the metal plate.	The silversmith hit the metal flat.
Pauline leveled the metal with a hammer.	Pauline hammered the metal flat.
Jasmine pushed the door open.	Jasmine pushed open the door.
The guests drank the teapot.	The guests drank the teapot dry.
Amanda burned the stove black.	Amanda burned the stove black.
Belinda took off her soles.	Belinda pulled the soles off her shoes.
Philippa cried to sleep.	Philippa cried herself to sleep.
The river is frozen.	The river froze.
The door slid.	The door slid shut.
The metal was hammered flat.	The metal was hammered flat.
The door was pushed open.	The door was pushed open.
Philippa cried.	Philippa cried her eyes dry.
Fanny pulled the blanket.	Fanny pulled the covers over her.
Fanny pulled the blanket over her.	Fanny pulled the covers over her.
The truck rumbling.	The truck rumbled.
The truck rumbled into the lane.	The truck rumbled into the driveway.
Audrey tipped her feet to the door.	Audrey tiptoed to the door.
The couple jumped to the window.	The couple rolled over to the window.
The clown was shaking in the hall.	The clown wiggled down the hall.
Leona brings the shopping cart to the market.	Leona pushed the car onto the market.
He is said to have left the town.	It is rumored that he has left the city.
Jennifer raised her neck.	Jennifer craned her neck.
They did it.	You did it.
The teacher's meaning is good.	The teacher meant well.
The horse will not flinch.	The horse would not move.
If you push, will the horse jump?	Would the horse move if you pushed?
I put the book on the table.	I put books on the table.
I put the book on the table.	I put the books on the table.
Cheryl put the book next to the magazine.	Cheryl placed the books next to the magazines.
Cheryl put the book on the shelf.	Cheryl put the books on the shelf.
Cheryl stood on the high book on the table.	Cheryl put the high books on the table.
Cheryl stands with the book on the table.	Cheryl put the books on the table.
The book stands on the table.	The books were on the table.
I poured the mixture into the bottle.	I filled the mixture into the bottle.
I lifted the book.	I raised the books.
I lifted the book to the table.	I lifted the book onto the table.
I unpacked the book.	I lifted the book out of the box.
I lifted the book from the floor to the table.	I lifted the books from the floor to the table.
I carried the book to the table.	I lifted the books onto the table.
I gave him the book.	I raised the books to him.
I gave him the book.	I lifted the books up to him.
Tamara poured water into the bowl.	Tamara poured water into the bowl.
Tamara poured water on the flowers.	Tamara poured water over the flowers.
Tamara poured water from the pitcher.	Tamara poured water from the jug.
Tamara poured water on the plants.	Tamara poured water on the plants.
Pour water on the plants.	Water poured onto the plants.
Cora wrapped the rope around the post.	Cora wrapped the rope around the post.
The rope was wrapped around the pillar.	The rope wrapped around the post.
That kind of rope is easy to coil around the post.	This type of rope easily wraps around the post.
Jessica loaded the box on the carriage.	Jessica loaded boxes onto the cart.
Jessica loaded the box into the carriage.	Jessica loaded boxes into the car.
Jessica sprayed paint on the table.	Jessica sprayed paint on the table.
Jessica sprayed paint under the table.	Jessica sprayed paint under the table.
Jessica sprayed paint on the table.	Jessica sprayed paint across the table.
Jessica sprayed paint on the wall.	Jessica sprayed paint on the wall.
Paint sprayed on the wall.	Paint sprayed on the wall.
Jessica sprayed paint on the wall.	Jessica sprayed paint on the wall.
Jessica sprayed me with water.	Jessica splashed water at me.
Jessica sprayed me with water.	Jessica sprayed water on me.
Jessica splashed water at me.	Jessica splashed water on me.
Leslie staffed the store.	Leslie staffed the shop.
The staff staffed the store.	The employees occupied the shop.
Wrapped the baby with a blanket.	Leigh wrapped the baby in blankets.
Laura buttered the toast.	Lora buttered the toast.
Laura buttered toast with unsalted butter.	Lora coated the toast with unsalted butter.
Lydia pulled out her pocket.	Lydia pocketed the change.
Doug removed the scratches from the table.	Doug removed the scratches from the table top.
Doug removed the scratches around the sink.	Doug removed the scratches around the sink.
The king expelled the general.	The king banished the general from the army.
The king exiled the general to a mountain fort.	The king banished the general to a mountain fortress.
Doug cleaned the plate from under the shelf.	Doug cleared the dishes under the rack.
Doug cleaned the table.	Doug cleared the table.
The strong wind cleared the sky.	The strong wind cleared the sky.
The strong wind slowly cleared the clouds from the sky.	The strong winds slowly lifted the clouds from the sky.
Brian wiped fingerprints from the counter.	Brian wiped the fingerprints off the counter.
Brian wiped fingerprints from the cupboard.	Brian wiped the fingerprints from the closet.
Brian wiped the fingerprint under the cupboard.	Brian wiped the fingerprints under the closet.
Brian wiped her fingerprints from outside the cupboard.	Brian wiped the fingerprints from outside the cabinet.
Brian wiped the table.	Brian wiped the counter.
Paula trimmed the bushes.	Paula cut off the bush.
Brian is wiping the table.	Brian wiped the counter.
Brian is wiping.	Brian wiped.
Brian is wiping the wall behind the stove.	Brian wiped the wall behind the stove.
Carla shovels snow from the walk.	Carla shoveled the snow off the path.
Carla shovels snow from under the bushes.	Carla shoveled the snow out from under the bushes.
Carla shovels snow from the bushes.	Carla shoveled the snow out of the bushes.
Carla shovels snow from near the bushes.	Carla shoveled the snow from near the bushes.
Carla was shoveling.	Carla shoveled the path.
Carla is shoveling things.	Carla shoveled.
Kara wiped the floor with a mop.	Carla wiped the floor under the furniture.
Kara dragged the furniture.	Carla wiped under the furniture.
The thief stole the picture for Mr. Smith.	The thief stole the painting for Mr. Smith.
The liar deceived Pat's property.	The fraudster cheated Pat out of her fortune.
The chef deboned the fish.	The cook bones the fish.
These people mined gold.	The men mined the gold.
Nora sent the book from Paris.	Nora sent the book from Paris.
Nora sent the book to London.	Nora sent the book to London.
Nora sent the book from Paris to London.	Nora sent the book from Paris to London.
Nora sent the book to Peter.	Nora sent the book to Peter.
Nora sent a book to the children.	Nora sent books to children.
Carla slid the book onto the table.	Carla pushed the books across the table.
Carla slipped the book to Dell.	Carla pushed the book to Dale.
Carla slipped Dell's book.	Carla pushed the book to Dale.
The book slipped across the table.	The books slid across the table.
Carla slid those books across the table.	Carla pushed these books across the table.
These books slide easily on the table.	These books slide easily across the table.
Nora brought the book to the meeting.	Nora brought the book to the meeting.
Nora brought the book to Pamela.	Nora brought the book to Pamela.
Nora took the book from Hone.	Nora brought the book from Horne.
Nora brought the book Pamela.	Nora brought the book to Pamela.
Amanda took the package.	Amanda carried the package.
Amanda took the package from Boston.	Amanda carried the package from Boston.
Amanda delivered the package to New York.	Amanda carried the package to New York.
Amanda transports the package from Boston to New York.	Amanda carried the package from Boston to New York.
Amanda delivered the package to New York.	Amanda carried packages to New York.
Amanda carries the package with her.	Amanda carried packages.
Amanda transports the package from Boston to New York.	Amanda drove the package from Boston to New York.
Amanda drove the package to New York.	Amanda drove the package to New York.
Amanda opened the package from Boston.	Amanda drove the package from Boston.
Amanda opened the package.	Amanda drove the package.
Amanda delivered the package to Pamela.	Amanda drove the package to Pamela.
Amanda drove the package to New York.	Amanda drove packages to New York.
Amanda opened the package.	Amanda drove packages.
Nora pushed the chair.	Nora pushed the chair.
Nora pushed the chair.	Nora pressed the chair.
Nora pushed the chair.	Nora pressed the chair.
Nora pushed the chair.	Nora pressed herself against the chair.
Nora walked through the crowd.	Nora pushed through the crowd.
Nora walked through the crowd.	Nora pushed through the crowd.
Nora leaned her chair against the wall.	Nora pressed the chair against the wall.
They lent me the bicycle.	You lent me a bike.
They lent me a bicycle.	You lent me a bike.
We gave her the salary.	We have transferred our paycheck to them.
We offered her work.	We offered her a job.
Brown presented Jones a plaque.	Brown handed Jones a badge.
The appearance of plaque is a proud moment.	The presentation of a badge was a proud moment.
Brown equipped Jones with a camera.	Brown equipped Jones with a camera.
Carmen bought a dress.	Carmen bought a dress.
Carmen bought a skirt in Bloomingdale's.	Carmen bought a dress from Bloomingdale.
Carmen bought a dress for Mary.	Carmen bought a dress for Mary.
Carmen bought a skirt from Diana.	Carmen bought a dress from Diana.
Carmen bought a skirt for $50 in Bloomingdale's.	Carmen bought a dress from Bloomingdale for $ 50.
For $50, you won't even buy a dress at Bloomingdale's.	$ 50 won't even buy a dress at Bloomingdale's.
Carmen received spare parts.	Carmen received the spare part.
Carmen got spare parts from Diana.	Carmen received a spare part from Diana.
Carmen bought the dress in Bloomingdale's for $50.	Carmen bought a dress from Bloomingdale for $ 50.
For $50, you won't even buy a dress at Bloomingdale's.	$ 50 won't even buy a dress at Bloomingdale's.
Gwen changed his clothes into shirts.	Gwen swapped the dress for a shirt.
Gwen changed her clothes to Mary.	Gwen swapped the dress for Mary.
Children like berries in summer.	The children like berries in summer.
She took his arm.	She was holding his arm.
She grabbed his arm.	She held his arm.
Michelle put the documents on the table.	Michelle kept the papers on the desk.
Michelle put the paper behind the table.	Michelle held the papers behind the desk.
Michelle put the documents on the table.	Michelle held the papers over the desk.
Michelle put the paper under the table.	Michelle held the papers under the desk.
Frances hides Sally's gift.	Frances hid the presents from Sally.
Francis hid the gift behind the book.	Frances hid the presents behind the books.
Steve threw the ball out.	Steve threw the ball.
Steve threw the ball into the garden.	Steve threw the ball into the garden.
Steve threw the ball on the fence.	Steve threw the ball over the fence.
Steve threw the ball from the tree to the door.	Steve threw the ball from the tree to the goal.
Steve threw the ball at Anna.	Steve threw the ball to Anna.
Steve threw the ball to Anna.	Steve threw the ball to Anna.
Steve threw the ball towards the wall.	Steve threw the ball against the wall.
Steve threw a softball.	Steve threw the softball.
Steve smashed Anna with an acorn.	Steve threw Anna acorns.
Steve threw skin at Anna.	Steve tossed Anna.
Steve threw the squirrel with an acorn.	Steve threw the squirrel with acorns.
Paula hit the stick on the fence.	Paula hit the stick on the fence.
Paula smashed the fence with a stick.	Paula hit the stick against the fence.
Paula hit the fence with a stick.	Paula hit the fence with the stick.
Paula hits Deirdre.	Paula slapped Deirdre on the back.
Paula hit Deirdre's back.	Paula slapped Deirdre on the back.
Paula fought together.	Paula beat the sticks together.
The stick hit the fence.	The stick hit the fence.
Paula slapped flies with cloth.	Paula hit the fly with the cloth.
Paula slapped the flies.	Paula hit the fly.
Paula swooped in.	Paula hit the fly.
Paula slapped Deirdre on her back.	Paula slapped Deirdre on the back.
Paula hit Deirdre on the back.	Paula slapped Deirdre on the back.
Paula flies.	Paula made flies.
Paula slapped flies with a cloth.	Paula hit the fly with a cloth.
Paula hit a naughty child with her right hand.	Paula beat the naughty child with her right hand.
Paula hit the back of a naughty child.	Paula slapped the naughty child on the back.
Paula hit the back of a naughty child.	Paula spanks the back of the naughty child.
Paula hit a naughty child.	Paula beat up the naughty child.
The old car hit the new car.	The old car struck the new car.
Old and new carts crashed together.	The old and new carts slammed together.
Alison pierced the needle through the cloth.	Alison stuck the needle through the cloth.
Alison stuck the needle into the cloth.	Alison stuck the needle into the cloth.
Alison poked the cloth with a needle.	Alison stabbed the cloth with a needle.
Alison poked the rag.	Alison nudged the cloth.
Alison pierced the denim with a needle.	Alison stuck the needle through the denim.
Carrie touched the cat.	Carrie touched the cat.
Carrie touched the cat with a stick.	Carrie touched the cat with the stick.
Carrie stroked his shoulder.	Carrie touched his shoulder.
Carrie touched the fence with a stick.	Carrie touched the fence with a stick.
Carol cut the bread with a knife.	Carol cut the bread with a knife.
Carol cuts bread.	Carol cut the bread.
Carol cuts bread.	Carol cut bread.
Carol cut her thumb apart.	Carol cut her thumb.
Carol cut her thumb.	Carol cut her thumb.
Carol cut whole wheat bread.	Carol cut the whole grain bread.
Whole wheat bread is easy to cut.	Whole grain bread cuts easily.
The knife cut the bread.	The knife cut the bread.
This knife cuts well.	This knife cuts well.
Carol carved the stone with a chisel.	Carol carved the stone with a chisel.
Carol carved the stone.	Carol carved the stone.
Carol carved the branches of the tree.	Carol carved the branch of the tree.
Carol carved marble.	Carol carved the marble.
Marble is easy to sculpt.	Marble carves easily.
Carol carved the marble with a chisel.	Carol carved the marble with a chisel.
The chisel carved marble.	The chisel carved the marble.
The chisel carved a statue.	This chisel carved the statue.
The chisel is well carved.	This chisel carves well.
Herman mixed the eggs with the cream.	Herman mixed the eggs with the cream.
Herman mixed the eggs with the cream.	Herman mixed the eggs and the cream.
Mix eggs and cream.	Mix the eggs with the cream.
Mix eggs and cream.	The eggs and the cream mixed.
Herman mixed the eggs with the cream.	Herman mixed the eggs and cream.
I mixed the soap in the water.	I mixed the soap into the water.
I mixed soap and water.	I mixed the soap and water.
I mixed eggs and cream.	I mixed the eggs with cream.
I mixed eggs and cream.	I mixed the eggs and cream.
I mixed eggs and cream together.	I mixed the eggs and cream together.
Harriet alternately plays folk songs and pop songs.	Harriet alternated folk and pop songs.
Play alternately with ballet.	Plays alternate with ballets.
Drama and ballet appear alternately.	Plays and ballets take turns.
Harriet is in contact with each other.	Harriet joined the parts together.
Herman whipped cream.	Herman whipped the cream.
Linda stuck the label and cover together with tape.	Linda glued the label and cover together.
The child hugged his mother tightly.	The child clung to her mother.
Egg yolk isolated from white.	The egg yolk separated from the white.
The yolk and white are separated.	The egg yolk and white separated.
I separated the cream from the milk.	I have separated the cream from the milk.
I separated the yolk from the egg white.	I separated the yolk and the egg white.
I separated the yolk from the egg white.	I separated the yolk and the egg white.
I broke the branch.	I broke the branch off the branch.
I broke the branch.	I broke the branch off the branch.
I broke the branch.	I have broken off branches from these branches.
I took off the branches from those branches.	I have broken off branches from these branches.
I separated those branches from the branches.	I broke these branches and twigs apart.
I let go of my handle.	I took off the handle.
I removed the handle from the box.	I took the handle off the box.
I removed the new handle.	I took off the new handle.
I removed the new handle from the box.	I took the new handle off the box.
The new handle is easy to remove.	This new handle is easy to remove.
The winter schedule is different from the spring schedule.	The winter plan was different from the spring plan.
The leaflet is different from the leaflet.	This flyer differs from this flyer.
Phyllis dyed the clothes.	Phyllis colored the dress.
Smith wrote his name on the door.	Smith wrote his name on the door.
Smith wrote his name under the photo.	Smith wrote his name under the picture.
Smith engraved the ring with his name.	Smith inscribed the ring with his name.
Smith is annealing the ring.	Smith glowed the rings.
Smith is annealing.	Smith glowed.
The jeweler printed the name on the ring.	The jeweler printed the name on the ring.
The jeweler printed the name on the door.	The jeweler printed the name on the door.
The jeweler printed the name under the picture.	The jeweler printed the name under the picture.
The jeweler printed the name on the cup.	The jeweler printed the name on the cup.
The jeweler wrote his name on the contract.	The jeweler scribbled his name on the contract.
Smith is writing notes.	Smith scribbled his notes.
Smith is graffiti.	Smith scribbled.
The jeweler decorated the ring.	The jeweler adorned the ring.
The secretary translated the speech.	The secretary transcribed the speech.
The secretary recorded the speech into the record.	The secretary wrote the speech in the file.
Martha carved a toy out of wood.	Martha carved a toy from the piece of wood.
Martha carving.	Martha is carving.
Martha used a piece of wood to carve a toy for the baby.	Martha carved a toy out of a piece of wood for the baby.
Martha carved a piece of wood for the baby.	Martha carved a piece of wood for the baby.
Martha carved a piece of wood into a baby toy.	Martha carved a piece of wood into a toy for the baby.
Martha carved beautiful toys out of wood.	Martha carved beautiful toys out of this wood.
This wood is carved with beautiful toys.	This wood carves beautiful toys.
$100,000 will build you a house.	$ 100,000 will build you a house.
$100,000 will build the house.	$ 100,000 will build a house.
The gardener planted an oak tree from the acorn.	The gardener built an oak from this acorn.
Donna repaired a sandwich.	Donna fixed a sandwich.
Donna repaired a sandwich for me.	Donna fixed a sandwich for me.
Donna fixed a sandwich for me.	Donna fixed me a sandwich.
David built the house.	David built a house.
David built the house with bricks.	David built a brick house.
David built the house.	David built the house.
I made the dough into a loaf of bread.	I shaped the dough into a loaf.
I shaped the dough.	I shaped the dough.
I rotated the dough into pretzels.	I turned the dough into a pretzel.
Sandy sang to me.	Sandy sang a song to me.
Sandy sang a song for me.	Sandy sang a song to me.
Sandy sang a song for me.	Sandy sang a song for me.
Sandy sang a song.	Sandy sang a song.
Sandy	Sandy sang.
Racial inequality triggers conflict.	Racial inequality leads to conflict.
The captain named the ship "seaman".	The captain named the ship Seafarer.
The President declared Smith as press secretary.	The president declared Smith the press officer.
The media speculated that Smith would be appointed.	The press suspected that Smith would be the agent.
Dina posing as a lawyer.	Dina pretended to be a lawyer.
Miriam tutors her brother.	Miriam taught her brother.
Her cousin served as the secretary for Judge Davis.	Her cousin worked for Judge Davis.
I saw someone running on the street.	I see someone running down the street.
I saw Jane running on the street.	I saw Jane running down the street.
I saw Mona Lisa.	I saw the Mona Lisa.
We stared at the baby.	We looked at the baby.
We glanced in the room.	We looked around the room.
We stared through the screen.	We looked through the screen.
We stared at the closet.	We looked in the closet.
That pea soup is delicious to me.	This pea soup tasted delicious.
The clown amused the children.	The clown amused the children.
The clown teases the children.	The clown amused the little children.
Children are easy to have fun.	Small children have a good time.
That joke will never tease children.	This joke always amuses small children.
That joke never ends.	This joke keeps amusing.
The clown's red nose made the children happy.	The children were amused that the clown had a red nose.
Win a prize: it will excite me.	Winning the prize: I would be thrilled.
The clown is very interesting to the children.	The clown amused the children.
Tourists appreciate the paintings.	Tourists admire paintings.
I admire him as a teacher.	I admired him as a teacher.
Megan marveled at the beauty of the Grand Canyon.	Megan was amazed at the beauty of the Grand Canyon.
Dorothy needs new shoes.	Dorothy needs new shoes.
Dorothy needs her skills.	Dorothy needs her skills.
Dorothy needs her skills.	Dorothy needs her for her skills.
Dorothy needs that dress as clothing.	Dorothy needs the dress as a costume.
Dana longed for a sunny day.	Dana longs for a sunny day.
Dana longed for sunny days.	Dana longs for a sunny day.
They praised the volunteers.	They praised the volunteers.
The director praised the volunteers.	The director praised the volunteers.
They praised them as volunteers.	They praised her as a volunteer.
I hunt in the woods.	I hunted game in the forest.
I am playing games.	I was game.
I hunt in the woods.	I hunted game in the forest.
I hunt in the woods.	I hunted in the forest.
I am hunting.	I hunted.
I was looking for treasure in the cave.	I looked for treasures in the cave.
We read important documents in the drawer.	We rummaged in the drawer for important documents.
I searched for secrets from him.	I chased the secret out of him.
Brenda and Molly bargained.	Brenda haggled with Molly.
Brenda and Molly bargained.	Brenda and Molly haggled.
Brenda and Molly bargained at the party.	Brenda and Molly haggled over the party.
Bill married Casey.	Bill married Kathy.
Brenda and Molly met.	Brenda and Molly met.
Annie met Cathy.	Anne met with Cathy.
Wanda teaches students.	Wanda taught the students.
Wanda teaches students French.	Wanda taught the students in French.
Wanda teaches students French.	Wanda taught the students in French.
Wanda told the students that the earth is round.	Wanda taught the students that the earth was round.
Allen told a story.	Ellen told a story.
Allen told Helen a story.	Ellen told a story to Helen.
Allen told Helen a story.	Ellen told a story to Helen.
Allen told Helen.	Ellen told Helen.
Allen told Helen about the situation.	Ellen told Helen about the situation.
Susan whispered.	Susan whispered.
Susan whispered to Rachel.	Susan whispered to Rachel.
Susan said a few words softly.	Susan whispered a few words.
Susan whispered this news to Rachel.	Susan whispered the news to Rachel.
Susan whispered that I was coming.	Susan whispered to me to come.
Susan whispered, "Shut up."	Susan whispered "Shut up".
Susan whispered to them quietly.	Susan whispered "Shut up" to them.
They whispered that the winners will be announced tonight.	They whispered that the winner would be announced tonight.
Heather broadcasts for the news.	Heather wired up the news.
Heather connected Sara with a cable.	Heather wired Sara.
Heather passed the news cable to Sara.	Heather wired the message to Sara.
Heather sent Sara the news by telegram.	Heather wired Sara the news.
Heather asked Sara about the situation.	Heather wired Sara over the situation.
Heather asked Sara to come.	Heather wired up so Sara could come.
Allen spoke.	Ellen was talking.
Allen and Helen talked about this issue.	Ellen spoke to Helen about the problem.
Allen talks to Helen.	Ellen spoke to Helen.
Allen and Helen talked.	Ellen and Helen were talking.
Allen and Helen chat together.	Ellen and Helen were talking.
Allen is negotiating.	Ellen consulted.
Allen discussed with Helen.	Ellen spoke to Helen.
Allen and Helen discussed the problem.	Ellen spoke to Helen about the problem.
Allen and Helen agreed.	Ellen and Helen consulted.
Allen told Helen that melons are very popular.	Ellen said to Helen that melons were selling well.
What Allen said.	Ellen said something.
Allen said something to Helen.	Ellen said something to Helen.
Allen complained to Helen.	Ellen complained to Helen.
Allen complained about this situation.	Ellen complained about the situation.
Allen complained to Helen.	Ellen complained to Helen about the situation.
Allen warned Helen.	Ellen warned Helen.
Allen warned against skating on thin ice.	Ellen warned against skating on thin ice.
Allen warns Helengua is selling.	Ellen warned Helen that melons were selling.
Allen warned that melons were selling.	Ellen warned that melons were selling.
Allen warned Helen about the traffic jam.	Ellen warned Helen of the traffic jam.
The dog barked.	The dog barked.
The dog growled at the cat.	The dog barked at the cat.
Cynthia ate peach.	Cynthia ate the peach.
Cynthia ate.	Cynthia ate.
Cynthia ate peach.	Cynthia ate on the peach.
Cynthia ate the peach with a fork.	Cynthia ate the peach with a fork.
Cynthia nibble on the carrot.	Cynthia nibbled on the carrot.
Cynthia ni took a look.	Cynthia nibbled.
Cynthia at carrot.	Cynthia nibbled on the carrot.
Cynthia devoured the pizza.	Cynthia devoured the pizza.
Cynthia swallowed the pizza.	Cynthia devoured the pizza.
Cynthia swallowed the pizza.	Cynthia devoured the pizza.
Cynthia has lunch.	Cynthia was having lunch.
Cynthia had lunch on Peach.	Cynthia had lunch on peaches.
Cynthia chewed with peaches.	Cynthia chewed on peaches.
Theresa bottle feeding baby.	Teresa bottle fed the baby.
Theresa bottle feeds the baby with soy milk.	Teresa bottle fed the baby with soy milk.
Teresa Teng feeding baby soy milk.	Teresa bottle fed the baby soy milk.
Paul yawned.	Paul yawned.
Paul breathes.	Paul breathed.
Paul exhaled.	Paul exhaled.
Paul smiled.	Paul laughed.
She laughed from embarrassment.	She laughed with embarrassment.
Linda blinked.	Linda winked at her.
Linda blinked.	Linda winked.
Linda blinked at the audience.	Linda winked at the audience.
Linda blinked and agreed.	Linda winked in agreement.
Jennifer shook her finger at the naughty child.	Jennifer shook her finger over the naughty child.
The princess bowed.	The princess bowed.
The princess bowed to the queen.	The princess bowed to the queen.
Gloria slept.	Gloria dozed.
Sharon flinched.	Sharon winced.
Sharon flinched after seeing the accident.	Sharon winced at the accident.
Sharon shivered.	Sharon was trembling.
Sharon got rid of fear.	Sharon was trembling with fear.
Sharon shuddered at the cold sea.	Sharon trembled at the cold sea.
The pirate drowned the sailor.	The pirates drowned the sailor.
The sailor drowned.	The sailor drowned.
The sea monster flooded the sailors.	The sea monster drowned the sailors.
My eyes are itchy.	My eyes itch.
My eyes are itching.	My eyes itch.
My eyes are itchy with smoke.	My eyes itch from the smoke.
My heart is beating.	My heart is racing.
My heart beats with fear.	My heart is pounding with fear.
Tessa sprained her ankle.	Tessa sprained her ankle.
Sharon fainted.	Sharon fainted.
Sharon fainted at the scene of the accident.	Sharon fainted at the sight of the accident.
The baby is dressed.	The baby got dressed.
Ma Lin dresses the baby.	Marlene put on the baby.
Ma Lin dresses herself up.	Marlene got dressed.
The barber shaved my chin.	The hairdresser shaved my chin.
I shaved my chin.	I shaved my chin.
Celia combed the baby's hair.	Celia brushed the baby's hair.
Celia combed her hair.	Celia brushed her hair.
She always wears a purple dress.	She always wore purple dresses.
Before the interview, she was ready to go.	She spiced up before the interview.
She yelled before the job interview.	She spiced up before the interview.
She always wears black clothes.	She was always dressed in black.
Brutus murdered Caesar the Great.	Brutus murdered Julius Caesar.
The bandits murdered the innocent victims.	The bandits murdered innocent victims.
Brutus murdered Caesar the Great with a dagger.	Brutus murdered Julius Caesar with a dagger.
The insecticide killed the insects with DDT.	The exterminator killed the insects with DDT.
The witch poisoned Snow White.	The witch poisoned Snow White.
Jewelry sparkles.	The jewel sparkled.
Jewelry sparkles in the crown.	Jewels sparkled on the crown.
Glittering jewels in the crown.	The crown sparkled with jewels.
A magnificent diamond shone on his finger.	A magnificent diamond sparkled on his finger.
A magnificent diamond shone on his finger.	A magnificent diamond sparkled on his finger.
A magnificent diamond shone on his finger.	A magnificent diamond sparkled on his finger.
The door hinges creaked.	The door hinges squeaked.
The birds sang in the trees.	Birds sang in the trees.
The trees and birds sang together.	The trees sang with birds.
A grandfather clock was struck in the corridor.	A grandfather clock was ticking in the hallway.
A grandfather clock was struck in the corridor.	A grandfather clock was ticking in the hallway.
My buzzing bell.	I rang the bell.
The bell struck.	The bell rang the hour.
The creaking door announced John's presence.	A squeaking door announced John's presence.
The onion smelled so bad.	The onions stank.
The room was full of onions.	The room stank of onions.
The room stinks.	The room stank.
Gushing oil.	The well bubbling oil.
I'm bleeding	I bled it.
Oil poured out of the well.	Oil gushed from the well.
The streets are full of water.	The streets bubbled with water.
Incense came out of the fire.	A fragrant stew bubbled over the fire.
Caesar put a fountain beside his palace.	Caesar placed a bubbling fountain next to his palace.
The Romans destroyed the city.	The Romans destroyed the city.
Construction commercial explosives destroyed the warehouse.	The builders destroyed the camp with explosives.
The explosives blew up the warehouse.	The explosives destroyed the warehouse.
The builder destroyed the warehouse.	The builders destroyed the warehouse.
Tony broke the window.	Tony broke the window.
Tony broke the crystal vase.	Tony broke the crystal vase.
Tony broke the window with a hammer.	Tony broke the window with a hammer.
Tony slammed the glass against the wall.	Tony broke the cup against the wall.
Tony broke his arm.	Tony broke his arm.
Tony bent the rod with pliers.	Tony used a pair of pliers to bend the pole.
The rod is bent.	The bar bent.
Tony bent the copper rod.	Tony bent the copper stick.
Copper rods are easy to bend.	Copper bars bend slightly.
Pliers bend the rod.	The pliers bent the rod.
Tony leaned the pole on the table.	Tony bent the bar against the table.
Tony bent Mary's arm.	Tony bent Mary's arm.
The potatoes are roasted.	Baked the potatoes.
Jennifer roasted Idaho potatoes.	Jennifer baked potatoes from Idaho.
Idaho potatoes are beautifully baked.	Idaho baked potatoes beautifully.
Jennifer baked potatoes in the oven.	Jennifer baked the potatoes in the oven.
The oven baked potatoes is very good.	This oven bakes potatoes well.
Bill dried the clothes.	Bill dried the clothes.
The clothes are dry.	The clothes dried.
Bill dried the cotton clothes.	Bill dried the cotton clothes.
Cotton clothes are easy to dry.	Cotton clothes dry easily.
Bill dried his clothes with a hair dryer.	Bill dried the clothes with a hair dryer.
The hair dryer dries the clothes.	The hair dryer dried the clothes.
Many clothes are drying.	Many items of clothing dry on the line.
Bill is drying a lot of clothes.	Bill dries a lot of clothes on the line.
The rose is in full bloom.	The roses were blooming.
The temperature soared.	The temperature rose.
Cornelia lives with the Smiths.	Cornelia lived with the Smiths.
Dogwoodia lives in Mrs. Parker's house.	Cornelia stayed with Mrs. Parker.
An old woman lives in Mrs. Parker's house.	An old woman lived with Mrs. Parker.
The atter house is hidden in these abandoned buildings.	Squatters housed in these abandoned buildings.
The soldiers live in the school.	The soldiers lived in the school house.
An old woman lives in the forest.	An old woman lived in the forest.
The unicorn does not exist.	There are no unicorns.
There is a solution to this problem.	There is a solution to this problem.
In the forest, an elderly woman was frustrated.	An old woman languished in the forest.
A group of people stayed in the square.	A crowd stayed on the square.
The beer bubbled.	The beer bubbled.
There was a blaze in the mountains.	A fire raged in the mountains.
Blazing fire in the mountains.	A fire raged in the mountains.
The fire spread all over the mountain.	A fire raged all over the mountains.
The whole mountain range was in flames.	A fire raged everywhere in the mountains.
Roses bloom in the garden.	Roses were blooming in the garden.
The garden is full of roses.	The garden bloomed with roses.
Blazing fire in the fields.	A fire raged across the fields.
A big flag fluttered.	A large flag fluttered.
A large flag fluttered over the fortress.	A large flag fluttered over the fortress.
Many flags fluttered on the fortress.	Many flags fluttered over the fortress.
A large flag was flying on the fortress.	A large flag fluttered over the fortress.
A large flag was flying on the fortress.	A large flag fluttered over the fortress.
The tree is shaking.	The tree trembled.
The national flag waved.	The flag was waving.
There was a voice echoing in the hall.	The hall echoes with voices.
There was a loud noise in the hall.	A loud scream echoed through the hall.
A loud noise echoed through the hall.	A loud scream echoed through the hall.
There was a loud noise echoing through the hall.	A loud scream echoed through the hall.
The music echoed.	The music reverberated.
A striped fish swims in the aquarium.	A striped fish swam in the aquarium.
A striped fish swims in the aquarium.	A striped fish swam in the aquarium.
In the aquarium, a striped fish swims.	A striped fish swam in the aquarium.
Cows graze on the pasture.	The cattle herd in the pasture.
The cattle are grazing.	The cattle looked after.
I ran the cow.	I drove the cattle.
The bag is full of groceries.	The bag is full of groceries.
The bag bulged.	The bag is plump.
The Jefferson statue stands on the corner.	A statue of Jefferson stood on the corner.
The Jefferson statue stood on the corner.	A statue of Jefferson stood on the corner.
The Jefferson statue stands at the corner of two boulevards.	A statue of Jefferson stood on the corner of the two boulevards.
At the corner of two boulevards stood the statue of Jefferson.	A statue of Jefferson stood on the corner of the two boulevards.
The sky garden is unobstructed.	The hanging gardens are an unforgettable sight.
The river flows from the lake to the sea.	The river flows from the lake to the sea.
The stream winds through the valley.	The stream winds through the valley.
The stream climbed across the valley.	The stream creeps through the valley.
Run through the valley.	A rushing brook ran through the valley.
A stream rushed through the valley.	There a rushing brook ran through the valley.
Italy and France border.	Italy borders France.
Snow covered mountains.	Snow covers the mountain.
A ship appeared.	A ship appeared.
A big ship appeared on the horizon.	A large ship appeared on the horizon.
A large ship appeared on the horizon.	A large ship appeared on the horizon.
A solution appeared immediately.	A solution immediately offered itself.
A solution was immediately presented to him.	A solution immediately presented itself to him.
A wonderful opportunity appeared yesterday.	Yesterday was a wonderful opportunity.
I proposed a solution yesterday.	I presented a solution yesterday.
A solution was proposed yesterday.	A solution was presented yesterday.
The crowd disappeared.	The crowd disappeared.
The precious 13th-century manuscript has recently disappeared from the library.	A valuable 13th century manuscript has recently disappeared from the library.
The rabbit disappeared into the thin air.	The rabbit disappeared into the air.
There was a serious accident yesterday.	A serious accident happened yesterday.
There was a serious accident yesterday.	A serious accident happened yesterday.
There was a serious accident in front of them.	A serious accident occurred in front of them.
Happened before them.	Happened in front of them.
The accident happened.	The accident happened.
Sylvia wriggled.	Sylvia squirmed.
The dog fell on the bed.	The dog dropped onto the bed.
The dog rushed around the corner.	The dog dropped into the corner.
A dog is lying around the corner.	A dog was in the corner.
A dog is lying in the corner.	There was a dog in the corner.
The criminal escaped.	The convict escaped.
The criminal escaped from the police.	The convict escaped the police.
The criminal escaped the police.	The convict escaped the police.
We abandoned the area.	We have left the area.
The ball rolled.	The ball rolled.
The ball rolled down the hillside.	The ball rolled down the hill.
The ball rolled over the hill.	The ball rolled over the hill.
The ball rolled into the gutter.	The ball rolled into the gutter.
Bill rolled the ball down the hillside.	Bill rolled the ball down the hill.
The horse jumped over the stream.	The horse jumped across the stream.
The horse jumped over the stream.	The horse jumped across the stream.
The horse jumped into the stream.	The horse jumped into the brook.
The horse jumped out of the stream.	The horse jumped out of the stream.
The lion jumped over the hoop.	The lions jumped through the hoop.
The horse jumped off the stream.	The horse jumped across the stream.
A white bunny jumped out of the box.	A little white rabbit jumped out of the box.
A little white rabbit jumped out of the box.	A little white rabbit jumped out of the box.
We fell into a state of exhaustion.	We went into a state of exhaustion.
Tom took off his soles.	Tom let the soles run off his shoes.
He slipped bamboo enny on the skating rink.	He ran Penny around the ice rink.
They rowed.	They rowed.
He paddled bamboo enny across the lake.	He rowed Penny across the lake.
Bamboo enny paddled across the lake.	Penny rowed across the lake.
They rowed along the canals of Venice.	They rowed along the canals of Venice.
They drew the canals of Venice.	They rowed through the canals of Venice.
They waltz.	They rolled.
She walked around on the floor.	She rolled over the floor.
He slipped over her on the floor.	He drove her across the floor.
Jackie chased the thief.	Jackie chased the thief.
Jackie chased the thief in the street.	Jackie chased the thief down the street.
Jackie chased the thief.	Jackie chased the thief.
Sasha wandered in the museum.	Sasha stayed in the museum.
Sasha lingered at lunch.	Sasha lingered over lunch.
Maggie hurried through the museum.	Maggie hurried through the museum.
Her sister is anxious.	Her sister hurried.
Maggie hurried to her sister.	Maggie hurried with her sister.
The package weighs ten pounds.	The package weighed ten pounds.
I weighed the package.	I weighed the package.
This book is ten dollars.	The book costs $ 10.
The telephone company charged me $10 for that call.	The phone company charged me $ 10 for this call.
The telephone company charged me $10.	The phone company charged me $ 10.
The meeting starts at 4 pm	The meeting started at 4 p.m.
I start the meeting from 4 pm	I started the meeting at 4pm
Wilma completed the mission.	Wilma has completed the assignment.
My family is always by the sea in summer.	My family is always on the coast in summer.
The man kicked a ball.	The man kicked a ball.
One kicked the ball.	A man kicked the ball.
The ball kicked someone.	The ball kicked a man.
A ball kicked the man.	A ball kicked the man.
The ball kicked alone.	The ball, a man kicked.
Man, kicked a ball.	The man kicked a ball.
Kim likes Lee.	Kim loves Lee.
In January 2002, a dull star in an obscure constellation suddenly became 600,000 times brighter than our sun, making it temporarily the brightest star in our galaxy.	In January 2002, a blunt star in a dark constellation suddenly became 600,000 times brighter than our sun, making it temporarily the brightest star in our galaxy.
The man kicked the ball.	The man kicked the ball.
The tall man kicked the ball.	The big man kicked the ball.
Handsome, tall man kicked the ball.	The handsome, tall man kicked the ball.
Handsome, tall, good guy kicked the ball.	The handsome, tall, nice man kicked the ball.
Some sentences can continue.	Some sentences can go on.
Some sentences can continue.	Some sentences can go on and on.
Some sentences may be passed on continuously.	Some sentences can go on and on and on.
Some sentences can be played repeatedly.	Some sentences can go on and on and on and on.
All native English speakers have grammatical skills and can generate unlimited grammatical sentences from a limited set of resources.	All native speakers have grammatical skills that can generate an infinite number of grammatical sentences from a finite set of resources.
Don't end sentences with prepositions.	Do not end a sentence with a preposition.
Avoid double denial.	Avoid double negatives.
The student hopes to have a good clue.	The student hoped for a good hint.
The clues John got were more helpful than the clues Smith got.	The clue that John got was more helpful than the one that Smith got.
Students want a tool.	The student hoped for a tool.
The tools obtained by Jones are more helpful than the tools obtained by Smith.	The tool Jones got was more helpful than the one Smith got.
A lot of evidence is required.	A lot of evidence is needed.
Need a lot of equipment.	A lot of equipment is needed.
Need a lot of information.	A lot of information is needed.
Need a lot of furniture.	A lot of furniture is needed.
Need a lot of advice.	A lot of advice is needed.
This article provides many clues.	The paper provides many clues.
The box contains many tools.	The box contains many tools.
John provided many suggestions.	John offers many suggestions.
There is very little evidence provided.	Few evidence has been presented.
There are few devices.	little equipment is available.
John offers very little advice.	John offers little advice.
Little information is provided.	Little information was provided.
There is almost no clue.	Only a few clues were found.
John provided some suggestions.	John offers some suggestions.
There are only a few armchairs in the room.	The room contains few armchairs.
The president hopes to get a good cake.	The president hoped for a good cake.
The bartender gave John some good beer.	The bartender gave John some good beers.
No one knows how to distinguish good beer from bad beer.	Nobody can distinguish between a good and a bad beer.
The priest said I ate too much cake.	My pastor says I have eaten too much cake.
The student drank too much beer last night.	The students drank too much beer last night.
People drink less beer now.	People are drinking less beer now.
In English, the main verb is consistent with the subject of the subject.	In English, the main verb matches the subject's head element.
Visiting relatives can be boring.	Visits to relatives can be boring.
He said that the "that" the person used was wrong.	He said that what this man used was wrong.
Kim and Sandy are looking for a new bicycle.	Kim and Sandy are looking for a new bike.
I never missed this book.	I never laid the book.
The boat floated down the river.	The boat swam down the river and sank.
Chris must like grammar.	Chris has to like the syntax.
Fifty students are eager for this class.	There are fifty students in this class.
What is John eager to do?	What does John really want to do?
What is easy for John?	What is John easy to do?
Can the boy holding the plate see the girl?	Can the boy holding the plate see the girl?
Which chemical do you mix with hydrogen peroxide?	What chemical did you mix the hydrogen peroxide with and?
The students seem to be developing well.	A good feeling seems to be developing among the students.
In order to get students into that university, many strings were pulled.	Threads have been pulled many times to bring students to this university.
He washed himself.	He washed himself.
He washed me.	He washed me.
He washed us.	He washed us.
Wash yourself.	Wash yourself.
Wash yourself.	Wash yourself.
Wash me!	Wash me!
The weather today is good.	The weather is nice today.
I hope the weather is clear today.	I hope the weather is nice today.
The birds are singing because the weather is fine today.	The birds sing because the weather is nice today.
They read the book.	You are reading the book.
He treats John very much.	He treats John very much.
He walked on the wall.	He went straight along the wall.
They don't have a TV.	You don't have a TV.
They don't have a car.	You don't have a car.
They have no information.	You have no information.
They have no friends.	You have no boyfriend.
They can sing.	You can sing.
They can run.	You can run.
They can smile.	You can smile.
They will cry.	You can cry.
They read a new book.	You read the new book.
They read interesting books.	You read the interesting book.
They read science books.	You are reading the scientific book.
He is very kind to John.	He treated John very nicely.
He was very bad to John.	He treats John very badly.
He is very friendly to John.	He treats John very kindly.
He walked into the wall.	He went straight into the wall.
John sings and Mary plays the piano.	John sang a song, Mary played the piano.
We found that lucrative work is in danger.	We found that very lucrative jobs were in danger.
I think learning English is not easy.	I think learning English is not easy at all.
I doubt you can help me understand this.	I doubt you can help me understand this.
I think learning English is not so easy.	I think learning English is not that easy.
I doubt you can help me understand this.	I doubt you can help me understand this.
I miss you working hard to learn English grammar.	I look forward to your intensive learning of English grammar.
John does not leave.	John doesn't go.
John drank beer last night.	John had beer last night.
Is John going to Seoul tomorrow?	John going to Seoul tomorrow?
John will learn grammar, and Mary will also learn.	John will study syntax and Mary will.
he left.	He went.
He did not leave.	He didn't go.
The student wants to write a letter.	The students wanted to write a letter.
The student intends to surprise the teacher.	The students wanted to surprise the teacher.
The students opposed the teacher.	The students protested the teacher.
The student wrote to the teacher.	The students sent letters to the teacher.
John's interest is vital.	It is crucial for John to show interest.
It is very important that John should show interest.	It is crucial that John shows interest.
I know I should go to the dentist, but I just don't want to.	I know I should go to the dentist but I just don't want to.
I really don't want to go to the dentist, but I know I should go.	I don't really want to go to the dentist, but I know I should.
She thinks it is likely that everyone is suitable for cars.	She thought it likely that everyone would fit in the car.
She thinks everyone can easily get on the bus.	She found it easy for everyone to fit in the car.
The referee cancelled the game.	The referee stopped the game.
The referee cancelled the game.	The referee stopped the game.
The two boys looked up.	The two boys checked.
The referee fell off the deck.	The referee fell off the deck.
The two boys looked up at the high stairs.	The two boys saw the high stairs.
Two boys lifted the stairs from the floor.	The two boys saw the high stairs from the floor.
The umpire calls it.	The referee called it from.
The umpire fell.	The referee fell away.
A tall boy threw the ball out.	A big boy threw the ball.
The cat chased the long rope.	The cat chased the long string.
That ball hit a student.	This ball hit a student.
The piano played a song.	The piano played a song.
The piano kicked a student.	The piano kicked a student.
That ball sang a student.	This ball sang a student.
Tall, handsome man kicked the ball.	The tall, handsome man kicked the ball.
Tall, kind, handsome man kicked the ball.	The tall, friendly, handsome man kicked the ball.
Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy people sing a song.	The happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy man sang a song.
The mothers of boys and girls are about to arrive.	The boy and girl's mother will soon arrive.
The mothers of boys and girls are about to arrive.	The boy's mother and girl are arriving soon.
John saw the man with a telescope.	John saw the man with a telescope.
We need more smart leaders.	We need smarter leaders.
The student enjoyed an English grammar class last semester.	The student enjoyed his English syntax course in the last semester.
The police met several young students in the park last night.	The policeman met several young students in the park last night.
Last night the police met several young students in the park.	It was the policeman who met several young students in the park last night.
The police met several young students in the park last night.	There were several young students the policeman met in the park last night.
The police met several young students in the park last night.	It was last night when the policeman met several young students in the park.
Where did the police meet several young students?	Where did the policeman meet several young students?
What did you put in the box?	What did you put in your box?
Where do you put the book?	Where did you put the book?
what have you done?	What did you do?
John looked up at the inside of the chimney.	John looked into the chimney.
John looked up at the meaning of "Chanson".	John looked up the meaning of "chanson".
What did he check?	What did he look up?
Where is he looking?	Where did he look?
How does he look?	What did he look like?
What do you think the person standing by the door is doing now?	What do you think the man standing at the door is doing now?
What do you think he is doing now?	What do you think he's doing now?
Have you been to Seoul?	Have you been to Seoul?
John may go home, Bill may go home.	John could go home, so could Bill.
John may pass the exam, Bill may also pass.	John could pass the exam, and so could Bill.
If John can speak fluent French-we all know he will speak-we will have no problem.	If John speaks French fluently - which we all know he can do - we won't have any problems.
John asked me to put my clothes in the cupboard. What bothered him was that I really stuffed them there.	John asked me to put the clothes in the closet and to annoy him I really stuffed them there.
John asked me to put my clothes in the cupboard. To annoy him, I stuffed them there.	John asked me to put the clothes in the closet and to annoy him I stuffed them there.
Girls play in the water and swim under the bridge.	The girls played in the water and swam under the bridge.
The children were neither in the room nor on the porch.	The children were neither in their rooms nor on the veranda.
Many people drink beer or wine.	Many people drink beer or wine.
Love ice cream.	liked ice cream.
The monkey wants to leave the meeting.	The monkey wants to leave the meeting.
The monkey approved their leader.	The monkeys agreed with their leader.
Men practice medicine.	The men practice medicine.
John read aloud.	John read the book out loud.
John sounds very happy.	John sounded happy.
John is proud of his son winning the game.	John was proud that his son won the game.
The monkey seemed eager to leave the meeting.	The monkeys seem eager to leave the meeting.
John seems certain of bananas.	John seems to be sure of the bananas.
John is from Seoul.	John came from Seoul.
They put the book in the box.	They put the book in the box.
They live in a hotel.	They stayed in the hotel.
The fly fell into the soup.	The fly fell in the soup.
The squirrel went straight.	The squirrel was running.
The squirrel ran up from the tree.	The squirrel ran straight up the tree.
The handsome man chased a dog.	This handsome man was chasing a dog.
One person kicked the ball.	A man kicked the ball.
The tall woman chased a cat.	This tall woman was chasing a cat.
His friend kicked a ball.	His friend kicked a ball.
Bill claimed that John believed Mary believed Tom was honest.	Bill claims John thinks Mary thinks Tom is honest.
Jane thinks Bill claims that John believes Mary thinks Tom is honest.	Jane introduces herself, Bill claims, John thinks Mary thinks Tom is honest.
The little boy hit the child with a toy.	The little boy hit the child with a toy.
Chocolate cakes and pies are my favorite desserts.	Chocolate cake and cakes are my favorite desserts.
John got out of the car suddenly.	John suddenly got out of the bus.
John suddenly delayed the customer.	John suddenly pushed the customers away.
John suddenly turned away his customers.	John suddenly pushed the customers off.
His second book came out early this year and became a best-seller.	His second book was published earlier this year and immediately became a bestseller.
When you book something like a hotel room, you arrange to own it.	When you book something like a hotel room, you arrange it.
Quotes for the selected category will be sent on request.	Price offers for selected categories will be sent on request.
There is no doubt that he was forced to leave his family against his will.	No doubt that he was forced to leave his family against his will.
He intends to give Frank a lot of money.	He wanted to give Frank the large amount of money.
Jane stood aside and let her pass.	Jane stepped aside to let her pass.
He has a rail pass for you.	He has a train pass that suits you.
Spending time with children is very important to us.	It is important to us to spend time with children.
He was arrested for being drunk.	He was arrested for being drunk.
I think the person I met last week is too crazy.	I think this person we met last week is crazy.
We think he is reasonable.	We believe that it is pretty reasonable.
I forgot to return the book I borrowed from the teacher.	I forgot to return the book I borrowed from the teacher.
I worry that you should arrive on time.	I am concerned that you should arrive on time.
I miss you arriving on time.	I am looking forward to your arrival on time.
I want to know if you are willing to provide us with information.	I wonder if you would be kind enough to give us information.
If the students study hard, the teacher will be happy.	If students learn hard, teachers will be happy.
No matter what they say, most teachers want their students to study hard.	Whether they say it or not, most teachers expect their students to learn hard.
John put a book on the table.	John put a book on the table.
She rejected his proposal.	She declined his offer.
He read a book about swimming.	He looked at a book about swimming.
He talked about swimming with a girl.	He spoke to a girl about swimming.
He talked about swimming with a girl.	He spoke to a girl about swimming.
I don't know who was present.	I don't know the people present.
John proudly rejected the proposal.	John proudly declined the offer.
I think John is the most suitable candidate.	I think John is the best candidate.
I saw him leave the main building.	I saw him leave the main building.
He took John to the school next to the park.	He took John to the park school.
John sang a song and danced to the music.	John sang a song and danced to music.
John wants to study linguistics in the near future.	John wants to study linguistics in the near future.
They told Angelica to win the award early.	They told Angelica to come to the award early.
Louise (Louise) abandoned the project, which surprised everyone.	Everyone was surprised that Louise had given up the project.
I know you like the back of my hand.	I know you like the back of my hand.
Time flies like an arrow.	Time flies like in flight.
I need to save the report on our webpage tomorrow.	I have to have this report on our website by tomorrow.
The monkey caught a boy on Monday.	The monkey scratched a boy on Monday.
John tagged the monkey in the forest.	John has marked the monkey in the forest.
John tagged the monkey in the forest.	The monkey was tagged by John in the forest.
The cat devoured the mouse.	The cat devoured the rat.
The mouse swallowed the cat.	The rat devoured the cat.
This car is smelly.	This car stinks.
It's raining.	It's raining.
The committee did not like her proposal.	The committee disliked their proposal.
These books disappointed me.	These books disappoint me.
Our neighbor took his children to take his children to school.	Our neighbor takes his children to school in his car.
This book, including all the chapters of the first part, is very interesting.	The book, including all the chapters in the first section, is very interesting.
The effectiveness of teaching depends on several factors.	The effectiveness of teaching and learning depends on several factors.
The tornado that attacks the county every spring is not only annoying.	The tornadoes that sweep this county every spring are more than just a nuisance.
The lady singing with the boy is a genius, isn't he?	The woman who sings with a boy is a genius, isn't she?
With their teacher, the children arrived safely, didn't they?	The children arrived safely with their teacher, didn't they?
The children have arrived safely.	The children have arrived safely.
It may be more harmful.	It could be more harmful.
Is this teacher a genius?	Is this teacher a genius?
Did the children arrive safely?	Did the children arrive safely?
Will it be more harmful?	Could it be more harmful?
The children in our class have arrived safely.	The children in our class have arrived safely.
His girlfriend bought this computer.	His girlfriend bought this computer.
The thunder scared the dog.	Thunder scares the dog.
The dog is afraid of thunder.	The dog fears thunder.
His girlfriend bought this computer for him.	His girlfriend bought this computer for him.
The child accidentally broke the teapot.	The child accidentally broke the teapot.
This girlfriend was bought for him by his girlfriend.	This computer was bought for him by his girlfriend.
The teapot was accidentally broken by the child.	The child accidentally broke the teapot.
This project belongs to students.	This object belongs to the student.
He is still my good friend.	He remained a good friend to me.
John distributed CDs to the boys.	John gave the boys the CDs.
My mother baked a birthday cake for me.	My mother baked me a birthday cake.
The publisher sent her a review copy of the book.	She received a review of the book from the publisher.
She received a copy of the book.	She received a review of the book.
John gave the CD to the boy.	John gave the boys the CDs.
The publisher sent her a copy of the book.	The publisher sent her a review of the book.
My mother baked a cake for me.	My mother baked me a cake.
The CD was given to the boys by John.	The CDs were given to the boys by John.
The publisher sent her a copy of the book.	The publisher sent her a review of the book.
My mother baked this good cake for me.	This beautiful cake was baked for me by my mother.
This is my ultimate goal.	That is my primary goal.
Michelle became an architect.	Michelle became an architect.
They elected Graham as chairman.	They elected Graham as chairman.
John made Kim a good doll.	John made Kim a great doll.
The situation became terrible.	The situation became terrible.
This is the map he wants.	This card is what he wants.
The message is that you should arrive on time.	The news was that you should come on time.
I make Kim angry.	I infuriated Kim.
I think he is immoral.	I think he's immoral.
I think Andrew is the best writer.	I consider Andrew the best writer.
They spoiled their children.	They spoil their children lazily.
John put the book in the box.	John put books in the box.
John and Bill discussed the exam.	John spoke to Bill about the exam.
She reminded him of the last time they met.	She reminded him of the last time they met.
They will inform Mary of any success.	They would tell Mary about every success they made.
John gave a book to the students.	John gave the student a book.
John bought a book for the students.	John bought a book for the student.
The bus stopped suddenly.	The bus suddenly stopped.
Shakespeare wrote dramas long ago.	Shakespeare wrote his plays a long time ago.
They went to the theater in London.	They went to the theater in London.
He failed chemistry because he didn't understand.	He didn't pass chemistry because he can't understand it.
I saw this movie several times last summer.	I saw this film several times last summer.
My uncle went today.	My uncle visited today.
Termites destroyed the sand castle.	The termites destroyed the sand castle.
Honesty is not easy.	Being honest is not an easy task.
John's death surprised her.	She was surprised to see John pass by.
It was almost unexpected to complete the work on time.	It is almost unexpected to finish this work on time.
Under the bed is a safe hiding place.	Under the bed is a safe place to hide.
I gave John a surprise gift.	I sent John a surprise gift.
They wanted to know what she did yesterday.	They wondered what she had done yesterday.
They believe that everyone will pass the test.	They believed that everyone would pass the test.
Are you on vacation before or after Easter? I like after Easter.	Are you going on vacation before or after Easter? I prefer after Easter.
John's death surprised her, didn't she?	She was surprised that John passed by, didn't she?
Different people argued at different times that the march should continue and that the march should be cancelled.	Different people argued at different times that the march should continue and be canceled.
To complete it on time, this is a good statement, isn't it?	There was quite an explanation to end it on time, wasn't it?
Different people argue at different times to postpone the advance and move on.	Delaying the march and continuing it was discussed by different people at different times.
The kitten swallowed a mouse last night.	The little cat devoured a mouse last night.
John left early.	John left very early.
John studies hard to pass the exam.	John studied hard to pass the exam.
When the main banquet arrived, she was missing.	It disappeared when the main party arrived.
A boy hit the ball.	A boy hit the ball.
Students feel very comfortable in class.	The students felt comfortable in the class.
John wrote a book to the students.	John gave the students a book.
John died last night.	John died last night.
John bought a lot of books for his sons.	John bought many books for his sons.
John promised Bill to leave tomorrow morning.	John promised Bill to go tomorrow morning.
John deprived his sons of game cards.	John robbed his sons of playing cards.
Mary received a reward from the department.	Mary received an award from the department.
John told his friend the rumor.	John told the rumor to his friend.
John put the book in the attic.	John put his books in the attic.
The government kept all the money.	The government kept all the money.
John hits the ball with a bat.	John hit the ball with a racket.
John wiped the window with a towel.	John wiped the window with a towel.
The cat chased the mouse.	The cat chased the mouse.
The mouse was chased by the cat.	The cat was chasing the mouse.
There is still a problem to be solved.	There is still a problem to be solved.
There is a man and his grandson.	A man lived there with his grandson.
A tall, red-haired, well-dressed man arrived.	A tall, red-haired and incredibly well-dressed man arrived.
John is exactly like his mother.	John resembles his mother.
A is similar to B.	A is similar to B.
John ran into the house.	John runs into the house.
Mary looked at the sky.	Mary looked up at the sky.
The school awarded some girls to Miss Jin's class scholarship.	The school awarded some of the girls in Miss Kim's class grants.
She is the best teacher in high school.	She was the nicest teacher in the senior school.
They elected him as the 31st President of the United States.	They voted him 31st President of America.
We set off for Seoul the next morning.	The next morning we made our way to Seoul.
Grammar is not easy.	Syntax is not easy.
He saw the man holding the stick.	He saw the man with the stick.
They separated their best friends.	They separated from their best friends.
In summer, we always go to France.	In summer we always go to France.
I watched this movie several times last year.	Last year I saw this film several times.
He baked Tom's bread last night.	He baked the bread to Tom last night.
It was amazing that they completed the course.	It is astonishing that they have completed the course.
The teacher delighted the students.	The teacher made the students happy.
We reminded him of the agreement.	We reminded him of the agreement.
A statue stands in the garden.	There is a statue in the garden.
Among the guests was my friend Louise.	My friend Louise was among the guests.
This proves my assumption.	This confirmed my hypothesis.
The students liked it that summer.	The students all enjoyed this summer.
That summer, the students were working.	The students all worked this summer.
This scientist made her a robot.	The scientist made her a robot.
The students called me a teacher.	The students called me teacher.
A large green insect flew into the soup.	A large green insect flew into the soup.
John's mother wrote a letter to Mary.	John's mother sent a letter to Mary.
We put the cheese in the refrigerator.	We put the cheese in the fridge.
Frank sat wholeheartedly on the sofa.	Frank threw himself on the sofa.
The ice melted.	The ice melted.
The vacuum cleaner terrified the child.	The vacuum cleaner scares the child.
Scientists found that these birds sang well at night, but underperformed in the morning.	Scientists found that the birds sang well in the evening but performed poorly in the morning.
John put the gold under the bathtub.	John put his gold under the bathtub.
This is the box where John put the gold.	This is the box in which John put his gold.
This is the gold that John put under the bathtub.	This is the gold that John put under the bathtub.
The king kept putting gold under the bathtub.	The king kept putting his gold under the bathtub.
The defendant denied the allegation.	The accused denied the allegation.
The teacher handed the student a book.	The teacher gave the student a book.
They want to leave the meeting.	You want to leave the meeting.
The senators knew that the president was lying.	The senators know that the president is lying.
Longing to leave the meeting.	Look forward to leaving the meeting.
Tom gave advice to the students in his office.	Tom gave advice to his students in his office.
Tom gave advice to his students with love.	Tom gave advice to his students with love.
John left him behind the garage.	John kept him behind the garage.
John kept him busy.	John kept him busy.
John stayed behind the counter.	John stayed behind the counter.
John deposited some money in the bank.	John deposited some money into the bank.
John saved some money in the bank on Friday.	John deposited some money into the bank on Friday.
Kim and Sandy met in the lobby of Lotte Hotel Seoul in March.	Kim and Sandy met in the lobby of the Lotte Hotel in Seoul in March.
John deposited some money in the checking account, and Mary did the same.	John deposited some money into the checking account and Mary did the same.
John saved some money in the checking account on Friday, and Mary did the same.	John deposited some money into the checking account on Friday and Mary did the same.
John saved some money in his checking account on Friday, and Mary did the same on Monday.	John deposited some money into the checking account on Friday and Mary did the same on Monday.
Kim jogged on the mountain.	Kim is jogging on the hill.
Kim jogged down the mountain.	Kim is jogging under the hill.
Kim jogged on the mountain.	Kim runs over the hill.
Gold depends.	Kim depends on it.
Kim relies on Sandy.	Kim relies on Sandy.
Kim relies on Sandy.	Kim depends on Sandy.
John met a student in the park.	John met a student in the park.
The problem disappeared.	The problem went away.
The boy gave the book to the baby.	The boy gave the book to the baby.
The bird swallowed the worm.	The bird devours the worm.
The bird swallowed the worm.	The birds devour the worm.
Every picture of Max and the sketches of his students appear in the magazine.	Every photo of Max and every sketch of his students appeared in the magazine.
There were no photos of Max and sketches of his students in the magazine.	No photo of Max and a sketch of his students appeared in the magazine.
The current king of country music is more popular than the previous one.	Today's king of country music is more popular than the last.
Which student are you talking about	What student did you talk about?
The election results surprised everyone.	The election results surprised everyone.
He won the election and surprised everyone.	Everyone was surprised that he won the election.
John is missing.	John disappeared.
John coughed.	John coughed.
The President looks tired.	The president looked tired.
The teacher is tired of the students.	The teacher grew tired of the students.
The lasagna is delicious.	The lasagna was delicious.
John remained calm.	John stayed calm.
The jury seems ready to leave.	The jury seemed ready to go.
John succeeded.	John was a success.
John seems to be a fool.	John seemed to be an idiot.
John is still a student.	John remained a student.
John saw Fred.	John saw Fred.
Alice wrote a letter.	Alice typed the letter.
Clinton supports the Health Care Act.	Clinton supported the health bill.
The raccoon destroyed the garden.	Raccoons destroyed the garden.
The school board asks the students a question.	The headmaster asked the students a question.
John teaches new students English grammar.	John taught new students in English syntax.
The school board asked the students a question.	The headmaster asked the students a question.
The sexual revolution made some people uncomfortable.	The sexual revolution makes some people uncomfortable.
Advertising agencies call young people Generation X.	Advertising agencies call young people Generation X-er.
Historians believe that President Roosevelt is our most effective president.	Historians believe that FDR is our most effective president.
Tom locked Fido in the garage.	Tom locked Fido in the garage.
Tom bathed Fido in the garage.	Tom bathed Fido in the garage.
Tom put it under the table.	Tom put it under the table.
Tom played under the table.	Tom played it under the table.
I want to know if you will come back tomorrow.	I wonder if you will come back tomorrow.
If you come back tomorrow, you will get a reply.	You would have an answer when you come back tomorrow.
Tom hid the manuscript in the cupboard.	Tom hid the manuscript in the closet.
Fred hired Sharon to change oil.	Fred instructed Sharon to change the oil.
They pushed the prisoner onto the truck.	They pushed the prisoners into the truck.
Frank hopes to persuade Harry to let the chef do the dishes.	Frank hopes to convince Harry that the cook is washing the dishes.
George mailed the photos of the accident to his lawyer.	George sent his photo of the accident to the lawyer.
Tom has been asking Karen's sister to buy a car.	Tom keeps asking Karen's sister to buy the car.
Jane left the book on the table.	Jane left the book on the table.
We have not yet confirmed whether the flight has been booked.	We have not confirmed whether the flight was booked.
We saw him beaten by the champion.	We saw how he was beaten by the champion.
They only limited his remarks to the discussion.	They limited his remarks to the matter under discussion.
English students from Seoul face many problems in the translation, transcription and editing of poetry.	The English students from Seoul faced many problems interpreting, transcribing and editing the poems.
The love of my life and the father of my child will never do such a thing.	The love of my life and the father of my children would never do anything like that.
The museum did not display Miro's paintings or Klee's paintings.	The museum did not show a painting by Miro or a drawing by Klee.
According to the law, every cat and dog in the area must be sterilized.	According to the law, every dog ??and cat in the area must be neutered.
Learning freely and using language fully is a long and arduous process.	Learning the free and complete use of a language is a tedious and tedious process.
Kim put the book in the box.	Kim put the book in the box.
They wrote to her.	You wrote to her.
They are very friendly to her.	You are nice to her.
They wanted to write to her.	You want to write to her.
They want to treat her better.	You want to be nice to her.
Students know the answer.	The student knows the answers.
Students know the answer.	The student knew the answers.
Students know the answer.	The students know the answers.
He is writing another long book about beavers.	He is writing another long book on beavers.
Broadly speaking, the project is successful.	Overall, the project was successful.
He is proud of his son passing the bar exam.	He is proud that his son has passed the bar exam.
The chicken ate.	The chicken has eaten.
The chicken was eaten.	The chicken was eaten.
From this perspective, there is no simple solution.	From this perspective, there is no easy solution.
The monkeys kept lining up.	The monkeys kept forgetting their lines.
John asked Mary to cook Korean food.	John made Mary cook Korean food.
The monkey seemed to be frustrated and closed it in the cage.	The monkey seems desperate to be in a cage.
The monkey seemed frustrated.	The monkey seems desperate.
He seems to study medicine very cleverly.	He seems intelligent to study medicine.
The monkey is eager to leave.	Monkeys absolutely want to go.
Foxes seem to be compatible with chickens.	The foxes seem to be compatible with the chickens.
These are similar to bottles.	These are similar to the bottles.
The teacher is proud of his students.	The teacher is proud of his students.
The contract is subject to approval by my committee.	The contract has to be approved by my committee.
There is only one true amphibious mammal.	There is only one real amphibian mammal.
There was a big storm.	There was a big storm.
There are few cost-effective solutions.	There are few inexpensive solutions.
There is riot in the park.	There is turmoil in the park.
There are still some problems to be solved.	Only a few problems remained to be solved.
They think that Charles Darwin's theory of evolution is just a scientific theory.	They believe that Charles Darwin's theory of evolution is just a scientific theory.
They think that Charles Darwin's theory of evolution is just a scientific theory.	They believe that Charles Darwin's theory of evolution is just a scientific theory.
John asked her to stop calling him.	John asked her to stop calling him.
Joe warned the class that the exam will be difficult.	Joe warned the class that the exam would be difficult.
We told Tom that he should consult an accountant.	We told Tom to consult an accountant.
Mary convinced me that the argument was correct.	Mary convinced me that the argument was valid.
Tom intends to let Sam review the book.	Tom intends Sam to review this book.
John wants the children to eat oatmeal.	John would prefer the kids to finish the oatmeal.
It is ridiculous for John to make up such a story or repeat it.	It is outrageous for John to either invent or repeat such a story.
For John, it is too ridiculous to make up or repeat such a story.	It is outrageous for John to either invent or repeat such a story.
Let John tell Bill such a lie and convince Bill that it is outrageous.	It is outrageous when John tells such a lie and Bill believes it is outrageous.
John intends to review this book.	John intends to review the book.
John would rather finish the oatmeal.	John would prefer to stop oatmeal.
Tom tried to ask a question.	Tom tried to ask a question.
Tom tends to avoid confrontation.	Tom tends to avoid confrontation.
Joe hopes to find a solution.	Joe hoped to find a solution.
John believed it.	John believed it.
John believes he is honest.	John believed that he was honest.
John mentioned this to me.	John mentioned the problem to me.
John said to me that this problem is a problem.	John mentioned to me that the question is a problem.
She tried her best to squeeze his arm.	She squeezed his arm as hard as she could.
We hope this vaccine will be available within ten years.	We hope that such a vaccine could be available in ten years.
Cohen proved the independence of the continuity assumption.	Cohen demonstrated the independence of the continuum hypothesis.
Cohen proved that the continuity assumption is independent.	Cohen proved that the continuum hypothesis was independent.
John bothered me.	John bothers me.
John coughs upset me.	That John coughed bothers me.
John Love Bill.	John loves Bill.
John sold the ostrich and surprised Bill.	Bill was surprised that John sold the bouquet.
It is advisable for John to train his horse.	It would be desirable for John to train his horse.
It is advisable to train his horse.	It would be desirable to train his horse.
All royal weddings require the king or queen to attend.	The presence of the king or queen is a requirement for all royal weddings.
It is not clear which otter you should use first.	Which otter you should adopt first is unclear.
Tom is confident that the elephant will respect him.	Tom is confident that the elephants respect him.
Tom insisted that the defendant was true.	Tom insists that the accused are honest.
Tom seemed eager for her brother to catch a cold.	Tom seems to be anxious that her brother will catch a cold.
Tom seems to want to catch a cold.	Tom seems eager to catch a cold.
I am ashamed of your negligence.	I am ashamed that I neglected you.
I am very happy that Mary has finished his thesis.	I am very happy that Mary has finished her thesis.
We are grateful that no one was injured.	We were thankful that no one had been injured.
We are very happy that everything is over.	We were happy that it was over.
Bill claims that Fred signed the check.	Bill claimed that Fred had signed the check.
We believe that the director is present.	We believe that the directors were present.
We convinced him that the operation was safe.	We have convinced him that the operation is safe.
The result depends on the number of candidates participating in the election.	The result depends on how many candidates take part in the election.
Fred is considering whether to stay in Seoul.	Fred is considering whether to stay in Seoul.
This proposal made Smith admire the administrator.	The administrator admired the offer.
John tried to make Sam ask George to ask Bill to continue sending the mail.	John tried to get Sam to ask George Bill to continue delivering the mail.
John likes to draw trees for his grammar work.	John enjoyed drawing trees for his syntax homework.
The pictures on the wall reminded him of his country.	The picture on the wall reminded him of his country.
Free enterprise conforms to American values ??and traditions.	Free entrepreneurship is compatible with American values ??and traditions.
We need to contact customers frequently.	We have to be in regular contact with customers.
Recognize that everyone has limitations.	Acknowledge that everyone has limits.
We know the problems.	We are aware of the existing problems.
Continued rain forced the next day's game to be abandoned.	The constant rain forced the competitions to be canceled the next day.
Aloe may have analgesic effects on inflammation and minor skin irritation.	Aloe can have an analgesic effect on inflammation and slight skin irritation.
The public has never been confident in his ability to work.	The public never had confidence in his ability to do the job.
He once again claimed that the people supported his actions.	He repeated his claim that people supported his action.
We let them take the money.	We made them take the money.
Don't use these words at the beginning of a sentence.	Do not use these words at the beginning of a sentence.
We know that the defendant seems eager to testify against the criminal.	We know that the accused are eager to testify against the criminal.
Jane is not sure if the students keep the books.	Jane is not sure if the students keep the books.
Students learn English 4 hours a day.	Students learn English 4 hours a day.
His friends learn to dance.	His friend learned to dance.
My disturbed friend learned to dance.	My mother's friend learned to dance.
The president's bodyguard learned to monitor.	The president's bodyguard learned surveillance.
The King of Rock's record led to dance.	The records of the King of Rock and Roll led to dancing.
President Lincoln delivered a Gettysburg speech in 1863.	President Lincoln held his Gettysburg address in 1863.
After the party, I asked myself why I wanted to fax the invitation letter to everyone in my office building.	After the party, I wondered why I had faxed invitations to everyone in my office building.
Edward usually remembers to send his email to himself.	Edward usually remembered sending a copy of his email to himself.
No John Smith was in the meeting.	No John Smiths attended the meeting.
This John Smith lives in Seoul.	This John Smith lives in Seoul.
There are three Davids in my class.	There are three Davids in my class.
I don't remember America.	It's nothing like the America I remember.
My brother is a mathematician from Einstein.	My brother is an Einstein in math.
In this book, he talked about his ups and downs in school.	In the book, he talks about his ups and downs in school.
If John wants to succeed in company life, he must know the rules of the game.	If John wants to be successful in business, he needs to know the rules of the game.
Plato’s comments are based on contemporary perspectives.	The criticism of Plato's republic was written from a contemporary perspective.
The characters in Shakespeare's "Twelve Nights" live in an inverted world.	The characters in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night live in a world that has been turned upside down.
Students studying English read Conrad's "Heart of Darkness" during college.	Students studying English read Conrad's Heart of Darkness during their studies.
You are the only person I can count on.	You are the only person I can rely on.
He is the only person I can rely on.	He is the only person I can rely on.
The boy swims.	The boy is swimming.
Prawns cooked with chili salt and pepper are better, this is a simple and delicious dish.	King prawns cooked in chilli salt and pepper were much better, a simple dish that was deliciously done.
In 1950, four pounds was a lot of money, and it was not easy to obtain.	Four pounds was quite a lot of money in 1950 and it was not easy to get it.
Five pounds is a lot of money.	Five pounds is a lot of money.
Two drops can sterilize anything in your home.	Two drops disinfect everything in your home.
Fifteen dollars a week is a lot of money.	Fifteen dollars in a week is a lot.
Fifteen years represented his life.	Fifteen years is a long time in his life.
They can walk two miles.	Two miles are as far as you can go.
The way the government handles public finances is more transparent than any previous government.	This government has been more transparent in handling public finances than any previous government.
This government is more transparent than any previous government in handling public finances.	This government has been more transparent in handling public finances than any previous government.
In order to prepare the return equipment, the team trained more effectively than in recent months.	In preparation for the second leg, this team trained more efficiently than in the past few months.
She didn't quite believe that story.	She doesn't believe much of this story.
We listened to his speech as little as possible.	We have heard as little of his speech as possible.
How much damage did the flood cause to the mural?	How much fresco did the flood damage?
One of them died of thirst.	One of the people died of thirst.
Many people died of thirst.	Many of the people died of thirst.
Many people died of thirst.	Many people died of thirst.
Every suggestion is acceptable.	Any of the suggestions is acceptable.
Neither car has air conditioning.	None of the cars have air conditioning.
None of these people want to be president.	None of these men want to be president.
Most children are here.	Most of the children are here.
Some soups require more salt.	Part of the soup needs more salt.
Some diners need a menu.	Some of the guests need menus.
All land is owned by the government.	The whole country belongs to the government.
All these cars belong to me.	All of these cars are mine.
John is in the room.	John is in the room.
I like him	I like him.
Most of John's boat has been whitewashed.	Most of John's boat has been repainted.
Some records contain evidence of misconduct.	Some of the records contain indications of misconduct.
Most of the theory is unfounded.	Much of this theory is unfounded.
He is afraid of foxes.	He is afraid of foxes.
This is a wooden table.	It is a wooden desk.
This is the main street.	It is the main street.
The man eager to attend the meeting is John's sister.	The man who wants to start the meeting is John's sister.
The man holding the bottle is gone.	The man with the bottle disappeared.
The file removed from the safe cannot be found.	The papers removed from the safe were not found.
The money you gave me yesterday is gone.	The money you gave me disappeared last night.
And the index value of the subject and verb.	and index values ??of the subject and the main verb.
None of these people is worth leading Italy.	None of these men is worth leading Italy.
His usual excuses can't meet Edgar's needs now.	None of his usual excuses are enough for Edgar now.
One of the problems is the robin.	One of the problems was the robins.
All plant virus websites have been conveniently collected in a central location.	All plant virus websites were conveniently collected in one central location.
Some of the water in the melting snow also flows into the ground of the plants.	Some of the water from melted snow also goes into the soil for plants.
Most milk consumed by infants during breastfeeding is produced during nursing.	Most of the milk your baby consumes while breastfeeding is produced during breastfeeding.
All special voting rights in the elections were abolished.	All special voting rights in the elections have been abolished.
One of the main factors affecting the value of a diamond is the weight of the diamond.	One of the main factors that influenced the value of diamonds was their weight.
Each of these stones must be cut and polished.	Each of these stones must be cut and polished.
Most of her spare time is spent attending concerts, plays or visiting museums and art galleries.	She spent most of her free time visiting concerts and plays or visiting museums and art galleries.
The committee's decision was unanimous.	The committee agreed in its decision.
The committee has now resigned.	The committee has now all resigned.
The crew agreed to change sponsors.	The crew both agreed to change sponsors.
Her family are ski lovers.	Her family is all enthusiastic skiers.
Both workers will wear carnations.	Both workers will wear cloves.
Both workers will wear carnations.	Both workers will wear cloves.
Both will wear carnations.	Both will wear cloves.
Few doctors agree with our treatment.	Few doctors agree with our remedy.
Few people agree with our remedy.	Only a few agree with our remedy.
An example of these substances is tobacco.	An example of these substances is tobacco.
The effectiveness of teaching depends on several factors.	The effectiveness of teaching and learning depends on several factors.
Some students' lack of motivation is one of the most serious problems.	One of the most serious problems faced by some students is lack of motivation.
It is ten years to stay in prison for a long time.	Ten years is a long time in prison.
Each of us will be rewarded.	Each of us gets a prize.
Some fruits have deteriorated.	Some of the fruits go bad.
All his wealth comes from real estate investment.	His entire wealth comes from real estate investments.
Do some of your relatives live nearby?	Do some of your relatives live nearby?
Fifty pounds seems to have lost a lot of weight in a year.	Fifty pounds seem to lose a lot of weight in a year.
The news of Persephone and Demeter reached the great gods of Mount Olympus.	The message from Persephone and Demeter reaches the great gods and goddesses of Olympus.
Half a year and a half cold.	The six months are dark and wintry.
Some ostrich meat accelerators compare their taste with beef tenderloin.	Some of the promoters of ostrich meat compare its taste to beef fillet.
The committee has not yet made up its mind.	The committee has not yet decided.
The committee has not yet made up its mind.	The committee has not yet decided.
I washed myself.	I washed myself.
I washed you	I washed you.
He kicked you.	He kicked you.
You washed yourself	You washed yourself
Harry said Sally didn't like him.	Harry says Sally doesn't like him.
Sally thought she was smart.	Sally thinks she's brilliant.
The power of the mind and the power of the body are closely connected.	The strength of your mind and the strength of your body are closely related.
John tried to repair the computer.	John tries to repair the computer.
John seems to have repaired the computer.	John appears to be repairing the computer.
Mary persuaded John to repair the computer.	Mary persuaded John to repair the computer.
Mary wants John to repair the computer.	Mary expected John to fix the computer.
John tried to be honest.	John tries to be honest.
John seems honest.	John seems to be honest.
John strives to be honest.	John tries to be honest.
John seems honest.	It seems that John is honest.
September tends to be warmer.	It is usually warm in September.
They seemed to resign, which seemed to haunt Kim.	It seems to bother Kim that they have resigned.
It is easy to please gold.	Kim is easy to please.
John is eager to please Jin.	John strives to please Kim.
Stephen seems very smart.	Stephen seemed intelligent.
It seems easy to fool Ben.	It seems easy to fool Ben.
There may be a letter in the mailbox.	There is probably a letter in the mailbox.
Tabs may remain on the participants.	It is likely that participants will be kept in mind.
Sandy tried to eat oysters.	Sandy tried to eat oysters.
The king thanked the man.	The king thanked the man.
Red seems to be his favorite color.	The color red seems to be his favorite color.
The cat seemed to have left the schoolbag.	The cat seems to be out of his pocket.
The dentist may check Pat.	The dentist will probably examine Pat.
Pat will likely go to the dentist.	Pat will likely be examined by the dentist.
The dentist was eager to examine Pat.	The dentist strives to examine Pat.
Pat longed for a dentist's examination.	Pat strives to be examined by the dentist.
Stephen believes Ben must be careful.	Stephen thought Ben was careful.
Stephen convinced Bent to be careful.	Stephen persuaded Ben to be careful.
Stephen thinks it is easy to please gold.	Stephen thought it was easy to please Kim.
Stephen thinks there is a fountain in the park.	Stephen believed that there was a fountain in the park.
Stephen believes that the cat was taken out of the bag	Stephen thought the cat was out of his pocket.
It is believed that the dentist examined Pat.	It was assumed that the dentist Pat.
Pat is believed to have been examined by a dentist.	Pat is said to have been examined by the dentist.
The dentist was persuaded to check Pat.	The dentist was persuaded to examine Pat.
Stephen seems annoying.	Stephen seems irritating.
Tom thinks Stephen is annoying.	Tom thinks Stephen is irritating.
John convinced Stephen to be more careful.	John persuaded Stephen to be more careful.
It seems to be raining.	It seemed to be raining.
There seems to be a fountain in the park.	There seemed to be a fountain in the park.
Stephen tried to be smart.	Stephen tried to be intelligent.
Someone tried to leave the town.	Someone tried to leave the city.
There seems to be a fountain in the park.	There seems to be a fountain in the park.
We think there is a fountain in the park.	We believed that there was a fountain in the park.
We believe that John will try to leave this country.	We thought John would try to leave the country.
The cat tried to get out of the bag.	The cat tries to be out of the bag.
They persuaded me to leave.	They persuaded me to go.
They promised me to leave.	They promised to go.
Under the bed is an interesting hiding place.	Under the bed is a fun place to hide.
Kim may have admitted to letting Mary mow the lawn.	Kim may have admitted to letting Mary mow the lawn.
Gregory seems to want to be loyal to the company.	Gregory seems to want to stay loyal to the company.
Jones hopes to make Barry clear that the city plans to sue him.	Jones would prefer if Barry knew the city was going to sue him.
John continued to avoid conflict.	John continues to avoid the conflict.
The captain ordered the troops to move on.	The captain ordered the troops to continue.
He coaxed his brother to give him candy.	He persuaded his brother to give him the candy.
John hopes Ben will know clearly that the city plans to respect him.	John wants Ben to realize that the city wants to honor him.
Nerve transmission involves only one chemical substance.	There is only one chemical substance that is involved in nerve transmission.
Neurotransmission involves more chemicals.	There are more chemical substances involved in nerve transmission.
It is said that there is a sheep in the park.	It is believed that there is a sheep in the park.
It is said that there are sheep in the park.	It is believed that there are sheep in the park.
No students seem to be absent.	No student seems to be absent.
There may be no students absent.	No student is likely to be absent.
Pat expects Leslie to be aggressive.	Pat expected Leslie to be aggressive.
Pat persuaded Leslie to be aggressive.	Pat persuaded Leslie to be aggressive.
Pat promised Leslie to be aggressive.	Pat promised Leslie to be aggressive.
Kevin urged Annie to be loyal to her.	Kevin urged Anne to stay true to her.
We want the dentist to check us.	We expect the dentist to examine us.
We hope they can check themselves.	We expect them to examine themselves.
We convinced the dentist to examine us.	We persuaded the dentist to examine us.
We persuaded them to conduct self-examination.	We persuaded them to examine themselves.
John may drink water and Bill drinks beer.	John can drink water and drink Bill beer.
Tom will not leave.	Tom won't go.
Will Tom leave the party now?	Will Tom leave the party now?
John cannot leave the party.	John couldn't leave the party.
If someone spoils the child, John is.	If someone spoils the children, it's John.
You should leave, don't you?	You should go, shouldn't you?
She will never believe this story.	She would never believe this story.
The boys will be there.	The boys will all be there.
Children will be entertained.	The children will have been entertained.
Mary solved the problem.	Mary solved the problem.
Mary will solve the problem.	Mary would solve the problem.
Mary is solving the problem.	Mary solved the problem.
Mary can easily solve the problem.	Mary would easily solve the problem.
Mary didn't avoid Bill.	Mary didn't avoid Bill.
Fred must be singing and may still be drinking beer.	Fred must have sung songs and probably drank beer.
Fred must be singing and drinking beer.	Fred must have sung both songs and drank beer.
Fred must be singing and drinking beer.	Fred must have sung both songs and drank beer.
Fred must be singing and drinking beer.	Fred must have sung songs and drank beer.
There may be a unicorn in the garden.	It could be a unicorn in the garden.
It will rain tomorrow.	It will rain tomorrow.
John will leave the party early.	John will leave the party earlier.
I hope to study in France.	I hope to study in France.
John will kick the ball.	John will kick the ball.
There may be a person in the park.	There may be a man in the park.
He is a fool.	He is a fool.
He has a car.	He has a car.
John is driving.	John runs to the car.
Is the child at school?	Was the child in school?
Is the child driving?	Did the child run to the car?
Did you find the child?	Was the child found?
This child has never been crazy.	The child never went crazy.
This child is never crazy.	The child was never crazy.
This child has never ran a car.	The child never ran to the car.
This child has never been deceived.	The child was never deceived.
John is happy with the result.	John is happy with the result.
John is meeting his children.	John saw his children.
Seeing the children in the yard.	The children can be seen in the yard.
John hasn't sang yet.	John didn't sing a song.
Has John sang a song?	Did John sing a song?
John hasn't sang yet.	John didn't sing a song.
John sang a song, Mary also sang a song.	John sang a song, and so did Mary.
John can dance.	John may have danced.
John can dance.	John can dance.
He has seen his children.	He saw his children.
He will always see his children.	He will have seen his children.
Because the following are limited, so no.	is over since the following is finite.
You are a student.	You are a student.
You don't have enough money.	You do not have enough money.
Do you have enough money?	Do you have enough money
John doesn't like this town.	John doesn't like this city.
In any other case, this distinction is not important.	Under no circumstances does this distinction matter.
They left no food.	You have left no food.
John did leave.	John left.
Has John found a solution?	Did John find the solution?
How long has it lasted?	How long did it last?
John may leave.	John can go.
It may rain.	It may rain.
John did not leave.	John didn't go.
He may have gone.	He could have gone.
to be frank!	Be honest!
Do not be silly!	Do not be absurd!
John believes that Kim should not leave here.	John thinks Kim shouldn't leave here.
Tom wants to go home, but Peter doesn't.	Tom wanted to go home, but Peter didn't want to.
Li voted for Bill because his father told him.	Lee voted for Bill because his father told him.
Kim regretted not watching the movie.	Kim regrets not seeing the film.
Jin regrets never seen the movie.	Kim regrets never having seen the film.
We asked him not to call us again.	We asked him not to call again.
We asked him not to call us again.	We asked him never to try to call us again.
The duty keeps them from missing the weekly meeting.	The duty did not let her miss the weekly meetings.
On duty so that they will never miss the weekly meeting.	The duty never let her miss the weekly meetings.
Not speaking English is disadvantageous.	Not speaking English is a disadvantage.
It is believed that Li does not like gold.	It is believed that Lee doesn't like Kim.
It is believed that Li does not like gold.	It is believed that Lee doesn't like Kim.
The president cannot approve the bill.	The president could not approve the bill.
The president may not approve the bill.	It would be possible for the president not to approve the bill.
The President cannot approve the bill.	The President would not be able to approve the bill.
Li will never leave.	Lee will never go.
Li will not leave.	Lee won't go.
John can't leave town.	John couldn't leave town.
Mary sang a song, but Li never did.	Mary sang a song, but Lee never did.
Mary sang a song, but Li did not.	Mary sang a song, but Lee didn't.
The president cannot approve the bill, can he?	The president couldn't approve the bill, could he?
Are you learning English grammar?	Are you studying English syntax?
What are you studying now?	What are you studying today?
I go to the city.	I will go downtown.
Can I go to the city?	Should I go downtown?
May she live forever!	May she live forever!
Am I stupid?	Was i so stupid
You don't even touch that!	Don't even touch it!
You better not drink alcohol.	You'd better not drink.
You can do it, but it’s best not to.	You can do it, but you better not.
They will leave as soon as possible.	You would go soon.
They will not leave soon.	You wouldn't go soon.
They should not leave immediately.	You shouldn't be going soon.
They can do it, can't they?	You can do it, right?
They can't do it, right?	You can't do it, can you?
Kim can dance, Sandy can also dance.	Kim can dance and Sandy can too.
Kim already danced, and Sandy also danced.	Kim danced and Sandy did too.
Kim is dancing, and Sandy is dancing.	Kim danced and Sandy did too.
Kim is very happy, and Sandy is also very happy.	Kim is happy, and so is Sandy.
When Kim was in China, so did I.	When Kim was in China, I was too.
Do you have anything to share with the group?	Do you have anything to share with the group?
Do you have anything to share with the group?	Did you bring something to share with the group?
Sandy must be too.	Sandy must have been too.
Sandy must also have it.	Sandy must have it too.
Sandy must.	Sandy has to too.
Because John convinced Sally, he didn't have to talk to the reporter.	Because John persuaded Sally not to speak to the reporters.
Mary sang a song, but Li couldn't.	Mary sang a song, but Lee couldn't.
John was sent to prison.	John was sent to prison.
He should leave his luggage here.	He should leave his luggage here.
He dared not oppose his parents.	He didn't dare to argue against his parents.
He used to go there often.	He was there very often.
The gardener must prun the rose bush today.	The gardener has to cut the rose bushes today.
This should be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.	This should be the beginning of a nice friendship.
I am removing the shovel from the shed.	I remove the shovel from the shed.
The travelers came back from the holiday.	The travelers have returned from their vacation.
Springfield could have used federal funding to establish a police station.	Springfield would have built a police station with the federal grant.
The shark could have cruised near the beach.	Sharks may have crossed near the beach.
She seems to have provided financial assistance to an important French art dealer.	It appears to have given financial support to an important French art dealer.
It rained every day last week.	It rained every day for the past week.
Tagalog is spoken in the Philippines.	Tagalog is spoken in the Philippines.
The roof is leaking.	The roof has a leak.
The FBI may have questioned Sam.	The FBI may have interrogated Sam.
Do social problems make police work difficult?	Did social problems make police work more difficult?
Senators should not forget the concerns of voters.	The senator shouldn't have forgotten the concerns of her voters.
Tokyo has not relaxed trade restrictions.	Tokyo has not eased trade restrictions.
Has the doctor prescribed aspirin?	Has the doctor prescribed aspirin?
Sandy will read your report, but Harold will not.	Sandy will read your reports, but Harold won't.
He could hardly believe that it was over.	He can hardly believe that it is already over.
I hardly know that more trouble is at hand.	I could hardly have known that there was more trouble just around the corner.
I have never spoken to me so rudely!	I've never been approached so rude!
There is almost no rainfall.	It hardly rained.
I hardly know more troubles are just around the corner.	I didn't know there was more trouble just around the corner.
Never talked to me as rudely as I did!	I've never been approached so rude!
He hardly collects documents on the table, right?	He had barely collected the papers on his desk, had he?
He didn't do anything, right?	He never did anything, did he?
As a politician, he can do nothing.	As a statesman, he could hardly do anything worth mentioning.
I didn't find any bugs on the bed.	I didn't find any beetles in my bed.
No one told them anything.	Nobody said anything to them.
I have never stolen from your family.	I have never stolen a member of your family.
Why hasn't the book been returned?	Why were no books returned?
Few citizens have said anything.	Hardly any of the citizens ever say anything.
These lines were written by one of the most famous poets in Korea.	These lines were written by one of the most famous poets in Korea.
The unidentified victim was apparently hit in the early morning.	The unidentified victim was apparently beaten early in the morning.
You can observe the target from any angle.	Targets can be observed at any angle.
In the evening, Saturn is in the north, and Jupiter is in the east.	In the early evening, Saturn is in the north, while Jupiter rises in the east.
I poured 20 liters of acid into the beaker.	I poured 20 liters of acid into the beaker.
Pour about 20 liters of acid into the beaker.	About 20 liters of acid were poured into the beaker.
The executive committee approved the new policy.	The Executive Committee approved the new policy.
The new policy has been approved by the executive committee.	The new policy has been approved by the Executive Committee.
John took Bill to the library.	John brought Bill to the library.
John has selected Bill for this position.	John chose Bill for the position.
John has been taken to the library.	John was taken to the library.
John was selected for the position.	John was selected for the position.
Pat gave the book to Chris.	Pat gave Chris a book.
Pat gave Chris a book.	A book was handed over to Chris by Pat.
A book was given to Chris.	A book was given to Chris.
They think it's easy to annoy Ben.	They believe that annoying Ben is easy.
They believe that there is a dragon in the woods.	They believe that there is a kite in the forest.
People believe that annoying Ben is easy.	It is believed that it is easy to annoy Ben.
People believe that there is a dragon in the woods.	A dragon is believed to be in the forest.
No one believes that he is a fool.	Nobody thinks he's a fool.
No one doubts that he is a fool.	Nobody suspects that he is a fool.
No one doubts that he is a fool.	Nobody suspects that he is a fool.
They believed that the cat would come out of the bag.	They think the cat is out of the bag.
It is believed that the cat came out of the schoolbag.	The cat is believed to be out of the bag.
John drove.	John drove the car.
John is driving.	John drove the car.
The car is driving.	The car was driven.
John can drive.	John will drive the car.
The car will be driven.	The car is being driven.
John drove the car.	John drove the car.
The car has started.	The car was driven.
John has been driving.	John drove the car.
The car has been driving.	The car was driven.
This car will be driven.	The car will have been driven.
Pat handed Chris a note.	Pat gave Chris a note.
Chris received a note.	Chris was given a note.
Chris handed him a note by Pat.	Chris was given a note from Pat.
The TV puts the idea on the children's head.	Ideas are brought into children's minds by television.
Yesterday, the child really kicked a monkey in the street.	Yesterday the child really kicked a monkey on the street.
The model is similar to Kim in almost every detail.	The model resembles Kim in almost every detail.
I was born in 1970.	I was born in 1970.
There are rumors that he is about to leave.	Rumor has it that he is on the way out.
John is said to be rich.	John is said to be rich.
He is considered a good scholar.	He is considered a good scholar.
He kicked the ball.	He kicked the ball.
The ball was kicked by him.	The ball was kicked by him.
John kicked him.	John kicked him.
He was kicked by John.	He was kicked by John.
John sent her to Seoul.	John sent her to Seoul.
She was sent to Seoul.	She was sent to Seoul.
They generally think that John is sick.	They widely believed that John was sick.
It is generally believed that John is sick.	It was widely believed that John was sick.
They have not yet decided which lawyer will close the case.	You have not decided which lawyer will make the final argument.
It has not yet been determined which lawyer will give a defense in closing the case.	It has not yet been decided which lawyer will make the final argument.
They have not yet decided which lawyer will defend the case.	They have not decided which lawyer will make the final argument.
You can rely on Ben.	You can rely on Ben.
Could have been relied upon.	You can rely on Ben.
They have been talking about the scandal for several days.	They talked about the scandal for days.
The scandal was discussed for several days.	The scandal was discussed for days.
The problem was dealt with in a timely manner.	The problem was fixed immediately.
That is not required.	That is not what is asked for.
This should be taken care of immediately.	This should be done immediately.
That was something I had to pay twice.	I would have paid twice for that.
These are the most thoroughly studied books.	These are the books that we have looked through most thoroughly.
They generally think that John is selfish.	They generally view John as selfish.
Pavarotti relies on Loren and Bond on Hepburn.	Pavarotti relied on Loren and Bond on Hepburn.
Pavarotti and Hepburn rely on Loren.	Loren was left by Pavarotti and Hepburn by Bond.
The lawyer investigated the document.	The lawyer looked at the document.
The lawyer investigated the document.	The attorney checked the document.
Peter was asked to resign.	Peter was asked to resign.
I think this matter has been recorded in an appropriate record.	I assume that the matter has been filed in the relevant documents.
Mr. Smith wants to delete the photo from the office.	Smith wants the picture removed from the office.
The incident has been well described.	The events were well described.
More than 120 different pollutants were dumped into the river.	Over 120 different pollutants were poured into the river.
The balloon is located in the blocked area and inflates.	The balloon is in a blocked area and is inflated.
It is now believed that cancer is unlikely to be caused by hot dogs.	It is now believed that cancer is no longer likely to be caused by hot dogs.
Whether this is feasible has not yet been determined.	It is not yet clear whether this is feasible.
Paying taxes is inevitable.	Paying taxes cannot be avoided.
It has not been determined whether this is feasible.	It has not yet been determined whether this is feasible.
Frances cleaned the curtains.	Frances had the curtains cleaned.
Shirley seems to have promoted Fred.	Shirley appears to have promoted Fred.
Nina made Bill elected to the committee.	Nina elected Bill to the committee.
On holiday we stole the car radio twice.	We got our car radio stolen twice on vacation.
Frances cleaned the curtains.	Frances let her clean the curtains.
Nina let them elect Bill.	Nina made her choose Bill.
This news was taken seriously.	The news was handled carefully.
Jin Youjin took care of the tree.	The tree was looked after by Kim.
We can't stand the noise anymore.	We can no longer stand the noise.
He will keep up with their expectations.	He will keep up with your expectations.
This noise is unbearable.	You can't stand this sound.
Their expectations will keep pace with the times.	Your expectations are met.
They pay great attention to this matter.	You paid a lot of attention to the matter.
The son took care of his parents.	The son took care of his parents.
This matter has received much attention.	Much attention has been paid to the matter.
This matter has attracted a lot of attention.	Much attention has been paid to the matter.
It is forbidden for anyone to camp by the lake.	The lake must not be stored by anyone next to it.
Beans are grown by gardeners.	The beans were grown by the gardener.
Plums are weighed by the grocery store.	The plums were weighed by the grocer.
This house was once occupied by several famous figures.	The house was inhabited by several famous people.
This bed must have been a big guy's sleep last night.	This bed was surely slept by a huge guy last night.
Rosie was struck by lightning.	Lightning struck Rosie.
I was called by a girlfriend.	A friend called me.
He was hit in the face by the tip of the surfboard.	He was hit in the face with the tip of a surfboard.
John's bicycle is stationary or stolen.	John's bike has been repaired or stolen.
Is John smart?	Is John Smart?
Who is smart?	Who is smart
you're so smart!	How smart you are!
Be very smart.	Be very smart.
I ask you if this is what you want.	I ask you if you want that.
Do you mind taking out the garbage?	Would you mind getting the trash out?
Can children read books?	Can the child read the book?
What can children read?	What can the child read?
Which version do they recommend?	Which version did you recommend?
What food do babies eat?	What did the baby eat the food with?
How does he eat the food?	How did he eat the food?
Who are you talking to?	Which man did you speak to?
Who are you talking to?	Which man did you speak to?
Is Hobbes sick?	How sick was Hobbs?
Who do you think Hobbes thought of who Mary said Tom saw?	Who do you think Hobbs imagined Mary said Tom saw it?
Who does Kim work for and whom does Sandy rely on?	Who did Kim work for and what does Sandy rely on?
You can count on Edward's help.	You can rely on Edward's help.
Edward's help can be counted on.	Edward's help you can rely on.
We talked about the fact that he was sick for several days.	We talked about being sick for days.
We talked about the fact that he was sick for a few days.	We talked about the fact that he was sick for days.
He was sick, and we chatted for several days.	We discussed for days that he was sick.
The theory captures that the arrow will not stop in the air.	This theory captures that arrows do not hang in the air.
These qualities recommended him to Oliver.	Oliver recommended these qualities to him.
The United Nations proposes to add a peacekeeping force.	The UN recommended an expanded peacekeeping force.
This is the book recommended by the teacher.	This is the book that the teacher recommended.
Who would they recommend?	Who will you recommend?
John put the book in the box.	John put the books in a box.
What books does John put in the box?	What books did John put in the box?
Where does John put the book?	Where did John put the books?
In which box did John put the book?	In which box did John put the book?
How happy is John?	How happy was John?
Who put the book in the box?	Who put the book in the box?
Who put this book in the box?	Who put the book in the box?
Who can put the book in the box?	Who can put the book in the box?
Who do you think visited Seoul last year?	Who visited Seoul last year?
That's what the government thinks of a UN representative who visited Seoul last year.	This is the UN delegate that the government believes is visiting Seoul last year.
Who do you think Sara invited?	Who do you think Sara invited?
Who do you believe invited?	Who do you think invited Sara?
I doubt whether such people have anything to do with such plans under normal circumstances.	This is the type of person I doubt that under normal circumstances has anything to do with such a system.
John asked whose book his son liked.	John asks whose book his son likes.
John forgot his son's yelling player.	John has forgotten which player his son yelled at.
He told me how many employees Karen introduced to the visitors.	He told me how many employees Karen had introduced to the visitors.
He has been reading this article.	he had read the article.
John asked which book he should read.	John asked which book to read.
Peter will decide which book we should review.	Peter will decide which book to review.
John told us that we should review this book.	John told us to check the book.
John told us which book we should review.	John told us which book to check.
In which box did he put the book?	What box did he put the book in?
Which father's book did he read?	Which book of his father did he read?
John asked him in which box to put the book.	John asks in which box he put the book.
John asked which book his father read.	John asks which of his father's books he has read.
Kim wants to know which room Gary lives in.	Kim wondered what room Gary stayed in.
Li asked me how much these monkeys like chocolate.	Lee asked me how much the monkeys like chocolates.
John knew whose book Mary bought, and Tom borrowed it from her.	John knows whose book Mary bought and Tom borrowed from her.
I don't know if I should agree.	I don't know if I should agree.
If I exclude her, she will be angry.	She's annoyed when I exclude her from anything.
Whether I exclude her or not, she will be frustrated.	She is upset if I exclude her from anything.
I want to know if you are willing to provide us with information.	I wonder if you would be kind enough to give us information.
I'm not sure when he will come.	I am not sure when it will come.
I'm not sure if he will go.	I'm not sure if he'll go or not.
I don't know where to go.	I don't know where to go.
I do not know what to do.	I do not know what to do.
I do not know what to do.	I don't know how to do it.
I don't know if I agree with him.	I don't know if I should agree with him or not.
Fred knew which politician to support.	Fred knows which politician to support.
Karen asked where the chair was.	Karen asked where to put the chairs.
The student protected him.	The student protected him.
Who protected him?	Who protected him?
Protecting him is not an easy task.	Protecting him is not an easy task.
How seriously do you think about your future career?	How carefully have you thought about your future career?
When can we sign up for graduation?	When can we register for the degree?
Where are we going to apply for graduation?	Where are we going to register for graduation?
Why do you borrow my pencil?	Why did you borrow my pencil?
When did he say he was fired?	When did he say he was fired?
Where did he tell you that he met Mary?	Where did he tell you that he met Mary?
Why do you want to know if she will invite me?	Why are you wondering if she'll invite me?
How often does he ask when she will attend the party?	How many times has he asked when she will meet at the party?
What causes students to choose a specific major?	What prompts students to choose certain major subjects?
Who will John ask about summer courses?	Who will John ask for information about summer courses?
Which textbook did the teacher use in the classroom last summer?	Which textbook did the teacher use in the class last summer?
Whose car blocked the entrance of the store?	Whose car is blocking the entrance to the store?
Why do you think he left?	Why do you think he left?
Guess who will be here?	Who will be here?
Who do you think borrowed my book?	Who borrowed my book?
Fred thinks which city do you believe John lives in?	In which city does Fred think you think John lives?
I want to know on which shelf John will put the book?	I wonder which shelf John will put the book on.
What evidence did you find suggestive of him?	What evidence did he find that involved him?
Joseph forgot how many games he won.	Joseph forgot how many games he won.
Fred will warn Martha that she should claim that her brother is a patriot.	Fred will warn Martha that she should say her brother is patriotic.
Bill tried to find out in which drawer Alice put the money, making us realize that we should keep him in Seoul.	This bill tried to figure out which drawer Alice was putting the money into, making it clear to us that we should have left him in Seoul.
Jasper wanted to know which book he should persuade students to buy.	Jasper wonders which book to try to persuade his students to buy.
This needs to be patched.	This needs to be fixed.
He repaired his shoes.	He fixed the shoe.
This requires investigation.	This needs to be examined.
They investigated the problem.	They investigated the problem.
The video you recommended is really great.	The video you recommended was really great.
I think the video you recommended is really great.	The video that I thought you recommended was really great.
I thought John told us that the video you recommended is great.	The video I thought John recommended to us was really great.
The student who won the prize left.	The student who won the award left.
The student everyone loves has left.	the student everyone likes has left.
The man John left for this book.	the person who gave the book to John.
The day I met her was sunny.	The day I met her was sunny.
The president who voted in favor of Fred resigned.	The President Fred voted for has resigned.
The president who Fred voted for did not like his opponent.	The president Fred voted for doesn't like his opponents.
President Fred voted in favor of resignation.	The President Fred voted for has resigned.
There is no relative pronoun at all.	has no relative pronoun at all.
He is the kind of person with whom he can negotiate.	He is the kind of person you can consult with.
These are thankful things.	These are the things to be thankful for.
We will invite volunteers to work for it.	We will invite volunteers to work on.
This is a photo of the student who appeared in the newspaper.	These are the student pictures that appeared in the newspaper.
People are satisfied with this suggestion.	The people who were satisfied with the proposal left.
The people standing at my feet are heavy.	The person standing on my foot is heavy.
Jack is the person Jenny loves.	Jack is the person Jenny has fallen in love with.
Jack is the one Jenny fell in love with.	Jack is the person Jenny has fallen in love with.
I met critics who I wanted to oppose.	I met the critic whose comments I wanted to object to.
This is a friend of Kim's mother attending the party.	This is the girlfriend whose mother Kim was having a party for.
The teacher asked us a question, and we can find the answer in the textbook.	The teacher asked us a problem, the answer of which we can find in the textbook.
We called the senator who met Fred.	We called the senators who met Fred.
The child picked up the apple that fell to the ground.	The boy picked up the apple that fell to the floor.
He issued a statement, and everyone thought it was really interesting and important.	He made a statement that everyone thought was really interesting and important.
They all agreed to include those matters that everyone considered excluded from the treaty.	They all agreed to take up matters that everyone believed were excluded from the contract.
Mary knew that John was elected.	Mary knows that John was elected.
Frank was surprised when John was elected.	Frank was surprised that John was elected.
Mary told Bill that John was elected.	Mary told Bill that John was elected.
This is the book we have read.	This is the book we read.
The president abandoned those who voted for him.	The President left the people who voted for him.
It is believed that this argument will never end in Egypt.	It is an argument that people think will never end in Egypt.
Every paper she wrote and every paper I read were on that pile.	Every essay that she wrote and that I read is on this stack.
Every article she wrote and every article I read were on that pile.	Every essay that she wrote and that I read is on this stack.
It was his turn to leave the student.	the student's turn.
The pencil he is writing with is broken.	The pencil he is writing with is broken.
A pen writing with a pencil is broken.	a pencil with which one could write broke.
The company they invested in left.	The company they invested in is gone.
The people we stayed at home left.	The people whose house we stayed in.
He felt that the most comfortable person had left.	The person he felt most comfortable with left.
He bought a bench.	He bought a bench to sit on.
He bought a refrigerator to put beer.	He bought a fridge to put the beer in.
There is a bench for you to sit on.	There is a bench you can sit on.
The people I know come from Boston.	The person I met is from Boston.
The box in which we put the book is sealed.	The box in which we put the books is sealed.
He issued a statement and everyone thought it was interesting and important.	He made a statement that everyone thought was interesting and important.
They all agreed to include those matters that everyone considered excluded from the treaty.	They all agreed to take up matters that everyone believed were excluded from the contract.
I only know that everyone knows that the 12 big teams that will win will actually win the game.	I only know that the Big 12 South teams, everyone knew they were going to win, actually won the game.
Those who asked for help thought he was stupid.	The person who asked John for help thinks he is stupid.
John Mary asking for help thought she was stupid.	Mary, who asked John for help, thinks he is stupid.
John has two sisters and later became lawyers.	John has two sisters who became lawyers.
I met a Frenchman who grows peaches.	I met the lady from France who grows peaches.
In the classroom, the teacher praised John, and I respect him too.	In the classroom, the teacher praised John, whom I also respect.
Reagan was nominated by a Republican in 1980 and spent most of his life in California.	Reagan, whom the Republicans nominated in 1980, lived most of his life in California.
Every student at the party had a great time.	Every student who attended the party had a good time.
Students who score no more than 80 in the exam have never failed.	No student who scored 80 or more points in the exam has ever failed.
The player who won the first prize was the judge's son, and his singing was frightening.	The candidate who won first prize, the judge's brother-in-law, sang terribly.
The person who laughs last laughs best.	Who laughs last, laughs best.
He who has no sin among you, let him cast the first stone.	Whoever is without sin among you, throw the first stone.
He believes who will meet who one day?	Who did he think he would meet one day?
He mentioned which celebrity he met?	Which celebrity did he mention he had met?
The knife he threw into the sea had a golden handle.	The knife he threw into the sea had a golden handle.
The knife he threw into the sea had a golden handle.	The knife he threw into the sea had a golden handle.
The knife he threw into the sea had a golden handle.	The knife he threw into the sea had a golden handle.
Bill cooks dinner and does the dishes.	Bill cooked the dinner and rinsed the dishes.
He refuted the proof that you cannot square.	He refuted the proof that it cannot be compensated for.
They met someone who knew the professor.	You met someone who knows the professor.
It is extremely unlikely that he has seen a professor.	It is extremely unlikely that he met the professor.
She bought John's book.	She bought John's book.
Does John want to know who will win the game?	Did John wonder who would win the game?
What is his real impression of the problem?	How did he get the impression that the problem was real?
This is the paper we really need to find an understandable linguist.	This is the paper we really need to find the linguist who understands.
Students entering higher education institutions may face many problems related to learning habits.	Students entering high-level educational institutions may have many problems with learning habits.
A classmate saw that this made Miss Jin feel sorry and provided her own book.	A fellow student saw that Miss Kim felt sorry for her and offered her his own book.
Experts believe that dreams cause great anxiety and stress and are called nightmares.	Experts all agree that dreams cause great fear and stress and are called nightmares.
Temporary housing was provided by the government for property destroyed by the victims of the earthquake during the disaster.	The government temporarily housed the victims of the earthquake, whose property was destroyed in the disaster.
This is the book I need to read.	This is the book I need to read.
The person they intend to talk to agreed to reimburse us.	The person they wanted to speak to agreed to reimburse us.
Martha believes that Joe’s replacement motor will cost $30.	The engine that Martha thinks is Joe costs thirty dollars.
The official who borrowed money from Smith has been prosecuted.	The officer Smith lent the money to was indicted.
The puppets sitting on their knees are ventriloquist performers.	The man on whose lap the doll sits is a ventriloquist.
We have just completed the final exam and we can find the results next week.	We have just completed the final exam, the result of which we can find out next week.
The fact that scientists have now established all genes in the human body is still not widely known.	The fact that scientists have now established all genes in the human body is not yet widely known.
The fact that scientists used the latest technology for verification was reported at a recent meeting.	The recent conference reported that the scientists used the latest technology for verification.
They ignored Li's proposal.	They ignored the suggestion Lee made.
They ignored Li's suggestion of lying.	They ignored the suggestion that Lee had lied.
They deny our own progress.	They contested the claim that we were making progress alone.
They denied the claim to report only to us.	They contested the claim that they should only report to us.
The hotel where Gloria is located is under reconstruction.	The hotel where Gloria lives is being renovated.
The day Jim was fired was a sad day for everyone.	The day Jim was fired was a sad day for everyone.
John is hard to convince.	John is difficult to convince.
John made it clear that he would finish on time.	John made it clear that he would end it on time.
Last night I met John in the park.	It's John I met in the park last night.
I don't know who Sandy loves.	I wonder who Sandy loves.
This is the politician Sandy depends on.	This is the politician Sandy relies on.
He is hard to love.	It is difficult to love.
It is easy to please John.	John is easy to please.
John is easy to please.	John is easy to please.
John is eager to please.	John strives to please.
It's hard to please John.	Pleasing John is hard.
It's hard to please John.	It's hard to please John.
John is hard to please.	John is difficult to satisfy.
John is ready to please.	John is ready to please.
Gold is easy to please.	Kim is easy to please.
Kim is eager to please.	Kim strives to please.
This doll is ugly.	This doll is difficult to see.
This child cannot teach.	The child is impossible to teach.
This problem is easy to solve.	The problem is easy to solve.
John is eager to examine the patient.	John is anxious to examine the patient.
John is eager to find a new home.	John strives to find a new home.
Hey, it’s easy to please me.	Hey is easy to please, me.
This theorem can be proved in only five minutes.	It only takes five minutes to prove this sentence.
This theorem takes only five minutes to confirm that he was proved in 1930.	This sentence will only take five minutes to determine that it proved in 1930.
The temporary repair costs Kim $500.	Repairing this scratch costs Kim $ 500.
The $500 bribe will cost the government $500,000 to prove that Senator Jones has accepted it.	This $ 500 bribe will cost the government $ 500,000 to prove that Senator Jones has accepted it.
Who is Kim eager to recommend?	Who can Kim recommend?
This sonata is easy to play on this piano.	This sonata is easy to play on this piano.
On which piano is this sonata easy to play?	Which piano is this sonata easy to play on?
The dog's bark is annoying.	People bark that dogs bark.
Annoy people who bark.	It annoys people that dogs bark.
Why she told him is unclear.	Why she told him is unclear.
It is unclear why she told him.	It is unclear why she told him.
Leaving so quickly can be inconvenient.	Going so soon would be an inconvenience.
Leaving so quickly will cause inconvenience.	It would be impractical to leave so soon.
Leaving you so quickly will cause inconvenience.	It would be uncomfortable for you to leave so soon.
The Dalai Lama claimed that Tibet's independence disrupted the Chinese government.	The Chinese government is disturbed by the fact that the Dalai Lama claims Tibet's independence.
The Dalai Lama's demand for Tibet's independence made the Chinese government uneasy.	The Chinese government is disturbed that the Dalai Lama claims Tibet's independence.
I think the problem is obvious.	I think the problem is obvious.
I think it is obvious that this problem is not easy.	I think it is obvious that the problem is not easy.
I think it is not unreasonable to request the refund of my subscription.	I do not consider it inappropriate to request that my subscription be returned.
He made it clear that he will continue to cooperate with the United Nations.	He made it clear that he would continue to work with the United Nations.
They feel that there is no pressure in the same office.	You don't find it stressful to be in the same office.
You came to surprise me early.	I was surprised that you came early.
You came to surprise me early.	I was surprised that you came early.
Chris knew that the answer happened to Pat.	That Chris knew the answer came to Pat.
Pat found that Chris knew the answer.	Pat thought that Chris knew the answer.
Our invasion of Iraq really surprised me.	It really drives me crazy that we entered Iraq.
Our invasion of Iraq really shocked me.	I'm really scared that we entered Iraq.
Our invasion of Iraq really shocked me.	The fact that we entered Iraq really drives me crazy.
We did invade Iraq, which is really sad.	It’s really bad that we entered Iraq.
Fido's barking annoys me.	That Fido barks annoys me.
A man walked into a room no one knew.	A man came into the room that nobody knew.
A man walked into the room with blond hair.	A man came into the room with blond hair.
During my vacation, I read a book written by Chomsky.	I read a book written by Chomsky during the holidays.
Ray found the results frustrating.	Ray found the result frustrating.
Ray was frustrated that his policies had little effect on poverty.	Ray found it frustrating that his policies had little impact on poverty.
I aim to solve this problem.	I have set myself the goal of settling the matter.
I aim to solve this problem.	I have made settlement my goal.
I owe you a jury innocence.	I owe it to you that the jury acquitted me.
I owe you innocence.	I owe you my acquittal.
I firmly believe that the world is round.	I firmly believe that the world is round.
We are using their textbooks.	It is her teaching material that we use.
We are using their textbooks.	What we use is their teaching material.
They are using their textbooks.	We use your teaching material.
We are using their textbooks.	We use your teaching material.
I agree with you, but I just want to know why you think this is good.	I share your view, but I'm just wondering why you think that's a good thing.
It was the man who bought something from him.	It was the man who bought the items from him.
At that time, he felt very painful.	At that moment he felt a sharp pain.
The teacher gave the students the best advice.	The teacher gave the student the best advice.
It wasn't until I was about 25 or 30 years old that I started to read and like them.	It wasn't until I was twenty-five or thirty that I read it and enjoyed it.
This is the second Monday we returned from the Easter holiday.	It is the second Monday that we will come back from the Easter holidays.
It was the girl who kicked the ball.	It was the girl who kicked the ball.
It was mainly his attitude that convinced the teacher.	It is above all his attitude that convinced the teacher.
What you want is a small greenhouse.	What you want is a small greenhouse.
At present, what is actually happening in London is very exciting.	What is actually happening in London at the moment is immensely exciting.
Will appear in this document soon.	What comes is in this document.
What I have always tended to do is do my stretching at home.	What I've always done is to do my own routes at home.
I mean you are doing very well.	What I meant was that you did really well.
What happened, they caught her without a permit.	What happened is that they caught her without a license.
The gentleman seems to be asking how the policy will be different.	The gentleman seemed to be asking how politics would have changed.
I don't describe him very much.	I would describe him insensitively.
Early morning is when I try my best to study.	In the early morning I do my best research.
That was when I was reading.	Then I read.
This is why she looks good.	That's why she looked so nice.
This is how they do it.	That's how they do it.
That was someone I played with during Christmas.	I played with it over Christmas.
What you hear is an explosion.	What you heard was an explosion.
What you hear is an explosion.	It was an explosion you heard.
What you should do is to order one first.	What you should do is order one first.
I did not read and enjoy them until I was about 25 or 30 years old.	It wasn't until I was twenty-five or thirty that I read it and enjoyed it.
It's the writer that makes you so involved.	It is the writer that involves you so.
I consulted the chairman of the select committee on this matter.	I consulted with the Chairman of the Selection Committee on this matter.
I ate an apple.	What I ate is an apple.
We are using their textbooks.	What we use is their teaching material.
The student who got A in the class was very happy.	The student who got A in the class was very happy.
It was Mr. Kim who broke the window.	The one who broke the window was Mr. Kim.
He got what he wanted.	He got what he wanted.
He put the money where Li told him.	He put the money where Lee told him to.
The bell rang and the concert began.	The concert started when the bell rang.
I ate what John ate.	I ate what John ate.
I ate an apple.	I ate an apple.
This is his approach.	That's how he did it.
This is why he came early.	That's why he came early.
Type A: John relies on Bill.	Type A: John relies on Bill.
Type B: John relies on Bill.	Type B: It's John that John relies on.
At that time we all went to bed.	It was then when we all went to bed.
This is the second Monday we returned from Easter.	It's the second Monday we come back from Easter.
IN launched the alien registration receipt card in 1997.	It was 1997 when the IN introduced the alien registration receipt card.
I lost the address of Uncle John.	It is Uncle John whose address I have lost.
All she wanted to see was the director.	It was the director that she wanted to meet.
She said she wanted to meet the director.	It was the director that she wanted to meet.
I think she is the director she wants to meet.	I think she told the director that she wanted to meet.
I want to know who saw you.	I wonder who saw you.
I want to know who you are.	I wonder who you saw.
I don't know in which pocket Kim has jewels.	I wonder what bag Kim had hidden the jewels in.
Who do you think Mary met?	What do you think whom Mary met?
It is difficult for me to concentrate on calculus.	It is difficult for me to concentrate on analysis.
For me, focusing on calculus is difficult.	It is difficult for me to concentrate on analysis.
Calculus is hard for me to concentrate on.	I find it difficult to concentrate.
Being good at observation has its advantages.	Looking at it has its advantages.
Letters to grandma can easily help children write.	Letters to grandma help the children write easily.
They decided to go to Boston to take their patients.	In Boston, they decided to admit the patient.
I very much rejected your suggestion.	With great regret, I vetoed your proposal.
It was Tom who spilled beer on the sofa.	It was Tom who spilled beer on this couch.
Critics will praise Martha.	It is Martha, whose work critics are praised.
The sheriff is responsible to John.	It was John that the sheriff blamed.
I want to know who you are.	I was wondering who you saw.
I want to know in which pocket Kim has jewels.	I wondered what bag Kim had hidden the jewels in.
Do we suffer and work hard for this?	Have we suffered and worked for it?
Who interviewed you?	Who interviewed you
I think it's mainly her father.	I think it was her father who was primarily responsible.
I believe this is a defective switch.	I think it's the switch that's broken.
Tom ate what Mary gave him.	Tom ate what Mary offered him.
I don't know what Mary offered him.	I wonder what Mary offered him.
What Mary provided him was unclear.	What Mary offered him is unclear.
I don't have potatoes.	I don't have potatoes.
Up to three girls can't see anything.	At most three girls saw something.
Every girl who sees anything is very happy.	Every girl who saw something was happy.
Any owl can hunt mice.	Every owl chases mice.
Any lawyer can tell you.	Any lawyer could tell you that.
I can dance with anyone.	I would dance with everyone.
Almost every lawyer can answer this question.	Almost every lawyer could answer this question.
Few lawyers can answer this question.	Almost no lawyer could answer this question.
Almost any lawyer can answer this question.	Almost every lawyer could answer this question.
I will dance with Mary or Sue.	I would dance with Mary or Sue.
Mary or Sue can tell you.	Mary or Sue could tell you that.
Do you have dry socks? Claim.	Do you have dry socks? Claim.
Maybe some dry socks will help?	Maybe a few dry socks would help?
Owls hunt mice.	An owl hunts for mice.
Generics allow exceptions.	Generics allow exceptions.
Poodles will live.	A poodle gives birth to live births.
Every poodle has a live birth.	Every poodle gives birth to live births.
I don't have potatoes.	I don't have potatoes.
Every man with matches is very happy.	Every man who has matches is happy.
Every man with a game is very happy.	Every man who has matches is happy.
Can we make some french fries?	Could we make some french fries?
Why don't we make some french fries?	Why don't we make fries?
Are you going to school tomorrow?	Are you ready for school tomorrow?
Then all the owls went on mouse hunting.	And then all the owls go hunting for mice.
If you hit a dry match, it will light up.	If you take a dry match and hit it, it will light up.
Assign up to three teachers.	A maximum of three teachers did homework.
Up to three teachers can assign any assignment.	A maximum of three teachers did homework.
Every student who submits homework will receive a reward.	Every student who does homework receives a prize.
Each student who submits an assignment will receive a reward.	Every student who does homework receives a prize.
Before making a plan, please consult the secretary.	Before making plans, contact the secretary.
Please consult the secretary before making any plans.	Before making plans, contact the secretary.
Is there anything I can do for you?	Can I do something for you?
Professional dancers can do it.	A professional dancer would be able to do this.
Any professional dancer can do it.	Any professional dancer would be able to do this.
We don’t have potatoes, or at least not enough.	We don't have potatoes, or at least not enough.
Every man with a game is very happy. happy.	Every man who has matches is happy. happy.
I ate potatoes really strange.	I am surprised that we had potatoes.
At most three boys saw nothing.	A maximum of three boys saw nothing.
Su is most likely to say nothing.	Sue most likely said nothing.
Su said something, although she most likely didn't say anything.	Sue said something, though most likely she said nothing.
Cows visit any relatives more frequently than John.	Cows fly more often than John visits relatives.
Every child should drink a glass of milk every day.	Every child should have a glass of milk every day.
Every child should drink a glass of milk every day.	Every child should have a glass of milk every day.
I was surprised that he said nothing.	I am surprised that he ever said anything.
I'm sorry what he said.	I'm sorry he ever said anything.
I was surprised that he bought a car.	I am surprised that he bought a car.
But these tickets are too bad!	But these tickets are terrible!
To my surprise, he stole the watch because it was a bold thing.	I was surprised that he stole the watch as far as it dared.
Given my high opinion of his moral qualities, I was surprised that he stole his watch.	Given my high opinion of his moral character, I was surprised that he stole the watch.
Are you surprised that he stole the watch?	Were you surprised that he stole the watch?
I'm sorry someone hates me.	I'm sorry that someone hates me.
I want no one to hate me.	I don't want anyone to hate me.
I'm glad he bought the car.	I'm glad he bought a car.
Sorry, he bought a car.	I'm sorry that he bought a car.
He bought Honda.	He bought a Honda.
I'm so happy that someone likes me!	I'm glad that someone likes me!
Can you get a better ticket than this?	Couldn't you get better tickets?
He pays and apologizes well, but I really don’t care about his gratitude, money or anything else.	It's okay for him to pay and apologize, but I don't care about his gratitude, the money, or anything.
I'm sure he speaks to me!	I'm sure he speaks to me!
I am very happy with a linguist like me.	I am glad that a linguist likes me.
I did not help him because I felt sympathy for the city guerrillas.	I didn't help him because I sympathize with urban guerrillas.
I have no sympathy for the city guerrillas.	I have no understanding of urban guerrillas.
Almost all owls hunt mice.	Almost every owl hunts for mice.
Absolutely all owls will hunt mice.	Absolutely every owl hunts for mice.
He began to write poetry.	He started to write poems.
He kept writing poetry.	He continued to write poems.
He continued to write poetry.	He continued to write poems.
He stopped writing poetry.	He stopped writing poems.
These people were originally working.	The men had all worked.
These people were originally working.	The men had all worked.
Will everyone work?	Did the men work?
Men will not like it.	The men wouldn't enjoy it.
Will men like it?	Wouldn't the men enjoy that?
None of these people will work.	The men would not have all worked.
These people will not all work.	The men would not have all worked.
These people will not work all the time.	The men would not have all worked.
These people will not work all the time.	The men would not have all worked.
It is obvious that John is a fool.	It is obvious that John is a fool.
Obviously, John is a fool.	It is obvious that John is a fool.
John complained that he was hungry.	John whined that he was hungry.
John is sure that the Mets will win.	John is sure that the Mets will win.
His hands were covered with blood, proving that John was the murderer.	The fact that he has blood on his hands proves that John is the murderer.
It will be difficult to please John.	It would be difficult to please John.
It's hard to please John.	It would be difficult to please John.
Everyone thought Fred was crazy.	Everyone considers it obvious that Fred is crazy.
People didn't like Fred, which troubled him.	It bothered him that people didn't like Fred.
People think he doesn't like Fred, which makes him uneasy.	It was believed to have bothered him that people didn't like Fred.
Can you be sure that the Mets will win?	How sure are you that the Mets will win?
How likely is he to win?	How likely is he to win?
I like this book.	I liked this book.
He is someone we can never give him freedom.	He is a man whom we could never grant freedom.
Obviously, Mary, he can't stand it.	It is obvious that Mary cannot stand.
I think the troll will take the shepherd tomorrow.	I think the trolls will take the shepherd tomorrow.
As for Max, I really like him.	As for Max, I really like him.
The reason why John is so is because he is so good.	John would like that because he's such a nice guy.
John, because he is a good person, he will like it.	John, because he's such a nice guy, would like that.
Because he is a good person, John likes that.	Because he is such a nice guy, John would like that.
John will, because he is so good.	John would because he's such a nice guy.
Because he is a good person, what does John want?	What does John want because he's such a nice guy?
Obviously, although he is a good person, John is not smart.	It's obvious that although he's a nice guy, John isn't too smart.
I give Mary a book.	I gave Mary a book.
I think Fred is crazy.	I thought Fred was crazy.
I put the book on the table.	I put the book on the table.
The words I wrote to the telegraph were very concise.	I have formulated the telegram briefly.
Because she is so happy, Mary I really like it.	Because she is so pleasant, I really like Mary.
Although he looks smart, he doesn't look deep.	Although it may seem intelligent, it does not appear to be deep.
Although he looks smart, he doesn't seem to be deep.	Although it appears intelligent, it does not appear to be deep.
Although I may love her, it will not affect my grades.	Although I may love her, it doesn't affect the grade.
Although I may love her, it will not affect my grades.	Love her, although I may, that has no effect on the grade.
Hate those who criticize Carter, although it doesn't matter.	Hate those who criticize Carter even though he likes it, it doesn't matter.
Does John hate that?	Would John hate that?
John hates that!	Would John hate that?
Will Sally take a shower when John returns home?	Will Sally take a shower after John comes home?
Will Sally take a shower when John returns home?	Will Sally take a shower after John comes home?
I hope he hasn't finished yet.	I would prefer if he wasn't done.
He is not over yet.	It is not yet finished.
He didn't finish.	It is not finished.
He will not finish.	He wasn't going to finish.
He didn't finish.	It doesn't end.
After the party, those people will not go home.	These people will not come home after the party.
I have never seen a man taller than his father.	I have never seen a man taller than my father.
I have never seen a man taller than his father.	I've never seen a man bigger than my father.
I have never seen a man taller than his mother.	I have never seen a man taller than my mother.
I have never seen a man taller than his mother.	I've never seen a bigger man than my mother.
Jack eats caviar more often than he eats batter.	Jack eats more caviar than porridge.
Jack eats more caviar than he eats.	Jack eats more caviar than porridge.
Jack eats more caviar than sleep.	Jack eats more caviar than he sleeps.
Today I am more angry than I was yesterday morning.	I'm angrier today than yesterday.
I am more angry than sad.	I am angry rather than sad.
Mary is over six feet tall.	Mary is over two meters tall.
Mary is taller than six feet.	Mary is taller than six feet.
Mary is shorter than five feet.	Mary is shorter than five feet.
They think she has too much independence.	They think it has too much independence.
Oranges and oranges are not as I expected.	A tangerine is not as different from an orange as I thought it would be.
You and me are like horses and cows.	You and I are like a horse and a cow.
You and me are like horses and cows.	You and I are like a horse and a cow.
You and I are as small as horses and cows.	You and I are no more like a horse and a cow.
John is as smart as Mary.	John is as intelligent as Mary.
John is over 6 feet tall.	John is over 6 feet tall.
John is 6 feet tall.	John is taller than 6 feet.
These plants may grow to 6 feet tall.	These plants can grow up to 6 feet tall.
These plants may grow to 6 feet.	These plants can grow up to 6 feet tall.
What happened last week is more than what happened next year.	More has happened in the past week than in the next year.
He provided more than we expected.	It offers more than we hoped for.
He hopes we can provide more.	He hoped for more than we had offered.
Enough to confuse them.	There is enough going on to confuse them.
You said enough to convince me.	You said enough to convince me.
Sally ate caviar more times than I expected.	Sally eats more caviar than I expected.
Susan didn't eat enough vegetables.	Susan doesn't eat her vegetables enough.
Sally often eats.	Sally eats that stuff quite often.
Sally eats more.	Sally eats that stuff more.
John eats more.	John eats more.
John didn't eat enough.	John doesn't eat enough.
John eats more than he sleeps.	John eats more than he sleeps.
He gave me more marble than he wanted.	He gave me more of his marbles than I wanted.
Jack is taller than thin.	Jack is taller than thin.
I'm joking rather than angry.	I did it more jokingly than anger.
The remaining bread is enough to eat tomorrow.	There is enough bread to have tomorrow.
All of you have enough bread.	There is enough bread for all of you.
All of you have enough bread.	There is enough bread for all of you.
She already has enough problems.	She's had enough of a problem the way it is.
She has enough problems.	She has enough problems the way it is.
He looks stronger than him.	He looks more impressive than he is.
He seems smart enough.	He seems intelligent enough for you.
Her writing is clearer than speaking.	She writes more clearly than she speaks.
He was stupid enough to try.	He's stupid enough to try.
He is stupid and can try.	He's stupid enough to try.
I have seen more men than you.	I've seen more of the man than you.
I saw enough fools to convince.	I've seen enough of the fool to be convinced.
Harry became more like a celebrity.	Harry had to be a celebrity.
Harry became more like a celebrity.	Harry had to be more of a celebrity.
His father wanted him to be a man.	What his father wants him to be is more of a man.
I never knew men better than Frank.	I have never known a man more than Frank.
He hopes too much.	He hoped for too much.
Sally ate too much caviar for his own benefit.	Sally eats too much caviar for her own good.
John eats too much.	John eats so much.
He gave me a lot of bullets.	He gave me a lot of marbles.
I have a lot of typing to do.	I have a lot to type.
He looks so good.	It looks so impressive.
She made it too clear.	She speaks too clearly.
Honey, I have as many as you.	I am as much a man as you are, dear.
Harry must be as famous as his father.	Harry had to be as famous as his father.
Many people are called; there are few options.	Many are called; few are selected.
It is called more than choice.	More are mentioned than ever voted.
We made enough pudding that can last for a few days.	We made enough pudding to last for days.
We made enough pudding that can last for a few days.	We made enough pudding to last for days.
John is the kind of fool I told you.	John is an idiot I told you about.
John is the kind of fool I told you.	John is the fool I told you about.
He is a little gossip.	It is a bit of gossip.
He is a little gossip.	It is something of a gossip.
John is the kind of fool I told you.	John is the kind of fool I told you about.
He is a reliable person.	He is so reliable a man.
He is too reliable.	He is too reliable a man.
He is a reliable person.	He is as reliable as a man.
He is so reliable.	He is such a reliable man.
He is a reliable enough person.	He is a reliable man.
Tom is not more reliable than grasshoppers.	Tom was no more reliable than a grasshopper.
Tom is no more reliable than Grasshopper.	Tom was no more reliable than a grasshopper.
I don't have trouble	I do not want any trouble.
John has no more reliable person than Bill.	John is no more reliable guy than Bill.
There is no one more reliable than Bill.	John is no more reliable guy than Bill.
John is more reliable than nobody.	John is no more reliable guy than Bill.
I have too many marbles.	I have too many marbles like you.
I have as many marbles as you.	I have as many marbles too many as you.
I have six marbles.	I have six too many marbles.
I have six marbles too.	I have six marbles too many.
I still have six.	I still have six of them.
I played too much of these marbles.	I have half a dozen too many of these marbles.
She wrote clearly enough.	She writes clearly enough.
She is as smart as her mother.	She is as brilliant a woman as her mother.
I have never been as strong as Louise.	I've never known someone as strong as Louise.
Fido is smarter than Spot.	Fido is a smarter dog as a spot.
His father wanted him to become a better billiard player.	What his father wants is a better pool player.
The taller man than Bill is here.	A bigger man than Bill is here.
I have never seen a smarter dog than Fido.	I've never known a smarter dog than Fido.
He was tall and the door was dangerous to him.	It is so big that doors are dangerous for it.
He was tall and the door was dangerous to him.	It is so big that doors are dangerous for it.
He is a tall man.	He is such a big man.
He is really a tall man.	He is such a big man.
Her mother wants her to be an excellent surgeon, and everyone will respect her.	What her mother wants her to be is such a good surgeon that everyone will respect her.
That is a picture that looks terrible.	It was such a terrible picture as it first seemed.
This is not as terrible as it initially seemed.	It wasn't as terrible a picture as it first seemed.
This was not a terrible sight at first.	It wasn't as terrible a picture as it first seemed.
This photo is terrible, I tear it up.	It was such a horrible picture that I tore it up.
That picture is terrible, I tear it up.	It was such a horrible picture that I tore it up.
Mary is so resourceful that people are afraid of her.	Mary is such a joke that people are afraid of her.
Sally is not as stupid as people think.	Sally is not as stupid as people think.
I love her very much.	I love her so much.
I gave her a lot.	I have given her so much.
Hilda is such a scholar.	Hilda is such a scholar.
Hilda is such a scholar that all her work is impeccable.	Hilda is such a scholar that all of her work is flawless.
Hilda is a scholar like you just said.	Hilda is such a scholar that you just mentioned.
An outstanding scholar like Dr. Lucille Hein here.	An important scholar like Dr. Lucille Hein was here.
Distinguished scholars like Dr. Lucille Hein are here.	An important scholar like Dr. Lucille Hein was here.
The elegant solution you provide us can only arouse your appreciation.	A solution as elegant as you have presented to us can only arouse admiration.
The solution you provide is very elegant, we can only admire it.	You presented such an elegant solution that we can only admire it.
The scholar you just mentioned is here.	One such scholar you just mentioned is here.
Her mother wanted Mary to be an outstanding woman, and everyone would respect her.	Her mother wants Mary to be such an outstanding woman that everyone will respect her.
John is taller than Bill.	John is a much bigger man than Bill.
That is obviously the better solution.	This is obviously a better solution.
Her answer is much better.	She made a much better answer.
That is the most cordial answer I have ever heard.	It's the nicest answer I've ever heard.
The most useful suggestions are not needed.	The most helpful advice is undesirable.
Sally will give me more useful advice than the advice I got from you.	Sally will give me more helpful advice than the advice I received from you.
I have never seen a man taller than my mother.	I have never seen a man taller than my mother.
I have never seen someone taller than my father.	I have never seen a man taller than my father.
John wants to propose a good solution like Christine.	John wants to find a solution as good as Christine.
John wanted to propose a solution as good as Kristin.	John wants to find a solution as good as Christine.
John wants to find a better solution than Christine.	John wants to find a better solution than Christine.
Jack eats more caviar than it does.	Jack eats caviar more than porridge.
Jack eats more caviar than paste.	Jack eats more caviar than porridge.
Jack eats more than he eats.	Jack ate more of it than he ate of it.
The table is longer than the door.	The table is longer than the door.
Mary is happy with her work, and John is happy with his children.	Mary is happy about her work and John about his children.
Mary is happy with her work, and John is happy with his children.	Mary is happy about her work and John about his children.
Mary is satisfied with her work, and John is satisfied with his children.	Mary is happy with her work and John is with his children.
Mary is satisfied with her work, and John is satisfied with his children.	Mary is happy with her work and John with his children.
The table is long and the door is wide.	The table is long and the door is wide.
I am sad and more angry than me.	I am more sad than angry.
I am more sad than angry.	I'm sad rather than angry.
My worry is not just thinking.	I'm more worried than just thinking.
I am very sad and angry.	I am sad and angry.
I was both sad and angry.	I am as sad as I am angry.
I am more angry today than yesterday.	I'm angrier today than yesterday.
John is six feet tall.	John is taller than six feet.
John is taller than Bill.	John is taller than Bill.
Mary has more than two friends.	Mary has more than two friends.
Mary has more than two friends.	Mary has more friends than two.
Mary Bill and Pete have more friends.	Mary has more friends than just Bill and Pete.
They may grow to six feet high.	They can grow up to six feet tall.
They may grow to six feet high.	They can grow up to six feet tall.
Some of these errors are up to 20.	Some of them made up to 20 mistakes.
Some of them made as many errors as Joan.	Some of them made as many mistakes as Joan.
John is taller than Peter.	John is taller than Pete.
John is five feet short.	John is shorter than five feet.
Mary Bill has more enemies.	Mary has more enemies than Bill has friends.
Mary's number is not as simple as that.	Mary doesn't have too many too many like Jane.
Jane is much more than Mary.	Jane has almost as many too many as Mary.
Mary Bijoon swam five more laps.	Mary did five laps more than Joan.
Mary has more laps than Joan and more than Linda.	Mary did so many laps than Joan did like Linda.
Bill kissed him.	Bill kissed.
Sally kissed herself.	Sally kissed.
The robot kissed it.	The robot kissed.
She edded her head with zucchini.	She hit her head with a zucchini.
The snake flattened itself on the rock.	The snake pressed flat against the rock.
The Joneses consider themselves to be the best family on the street.	The Joneses consider themselves the best family on the block.
Gary and Kevin were exhausted.	Gary and Kevin were exhausted.
People from Tucson value themselves very much.	People from Tucson appreciate each other a lot.
I gave myself a bucket of ice cream.	I gave myself the bucket of ice.
She hit herself with a hammer.	She hit herself with a hammer.
Doug blew up the building.	Doug blew up the building.
Doug blew up the building.	Doug blew up the building.
Doug blew it up.	Doug blew it up.
Doug blew it up.	Doug blew it up.
I don't know what Fiona bought.	I wonder what Fiona bought.
Cheese mouse loves to smell.	Cheese mice love stink.
The chorus of elephant dancing broke my TV.	The dancing choir line of the elephants broke my TV.
Rosie likes magazine advertisements.	Rosie loves magazine advertising.
I think Rosie likes magazine advertising.	I think Rosie loves magazine advertising.
Dana suspected that Drew believed that I thought Rosie liked magazine advertising.	Dana doubts that Drew thinks Rosie loves magazine ads.
Dave is gone.	Dave left.
Dave and Alina left.	Dave and Alina left.
Dave, Dan, Erin and Alina left.	Dave, Dan, Erin and Alina left.
Who do you think Ciaran will ask first?	Who do you think will ask Ciaran first?
Who do you think Ciaran will ask first?	Who do you think will ask Ciaran first?
Who do you think will question Seamus first?	Who do you think will interview Seamus first?
I hope to see the results soon.	I expect to see the results soon.
I hope to see the results soon.	I am expecting the results soon.
I hope to see the results soon.	I expect to see the results soon.
I hope my profit will more than double.	I expect to more than double my winnings.
Who have you seen in Las Vegas?	Who did you see in Las Vegas?
You are taller than me.	You are larger than me.
My friends want to leave the party quickly.	My friends wanted to leave the party quickly.
George sang to himself.	George sang to himself.
Betty loves her blue leather.	Betsy loves herself in blue leather.
Everyone should be able to defend themselves.	Everyone should be able to defend themselves.
Everyone should be able to defend themselves.	Everyone should be able to defend themselves.
I hope no one will hurt myself.	I hope nobody gets hurt.
I hope no one will hurt myself.	I hope nobody gets hurt.
Don't fight yourself!	Don't hit yourself!
She is dancing.	She dances.
They are dancing.	They dance.
The man is dancing.	The man is dancing.
These people are dancing.	The men dance.
Students meet to discuss the project.	The students met to discuss the project.
Zeke was cooked and had chili.	Zeke cooked and ate the chili.
Zeke ate the peppers and cooked them.	Zeke ate and cooked the chili.
He put on his clothes.	He put on the clothes.
He put it in the washing machine.	He stopped the washing machine.
I gave my brother a birthday present.	I gave my brother a birthday present.
I give my brother a birthday present.	I gave my brother a birthday present.
Where do you live?	Where are you living?
As we all know, Tasha likes Misha.	It is clear to everyone that Tasha likes Misha.
This man likes peanut butter cookies.	The man loved peanut butter cookies.
Puppies like peanut butter cookies.	The puppy loved peanut butter cookies.
The king likes peanut butter cookies.	The king loved peanut butter cookies.
John went to the store.	John went into the store.
The man went to the store.	The man went into the shop.
The destruction of this city haunted the Mongols.	The destruction of the city disturbed the Mongols.
Sincerity is an important quality.	Sincerity is an important quality.
The president was assassinated.	the assassination of the president.
Tucson is an ideal place to live.	Tucson is a great place to live.
Gabriel's mother is an axe murderer.	Gabrielle's mother is an ax murderer.
Attractive offspring of mother hamster.	Hamster mother attractive offspring.
Wendy's motherland is Iceland.	Wendy's motherland is Iceland.
Louis said that part of her speech made her very interested.	Louis said that parts of the speech fascinated her.
The cat ate the spider.	The cat has eaten the spider.
The cat ate the spider.	Cats ate the spider.
The cat ate the spider.	The cats have eaten the spider.
I ate an apple.	I ate the apple.
I ate sugar.	I ate sugar.
I ate sugar.	I ate the sugar.
He is full of sincerity.	He is full of sincerity.
I doubt his sincerity.	I doubt his sincerity.
The mean surgeon stole the doctor's lunch.	The sneaky surgeon stole the doctor's lunch.
I asked this question.	I asked the question.
I ask if you know the answer.	I asked if you knew the answer.
I hit the ball.	I hit the ball.
I saved him trouble.	I saved him the trouble.
I put the book in the box.	I put the book in the box.
I gave the box to Leah.	I gave Leah the box.
I gave Leah the box.	I gave Leah the box.
I told Daniel this story.	I told Daniel the story.
I told Daniel that the exam was cancelled.	I told Daniel that the exam was canceled.
I told Daniel this story.	I told Daniel the story.
The Canadian government adopts parliamentary democracy.	The Canadian government uses a parliamentary system of democracy.
Canadians bought themselves a barbecue.	The Canadian bought a grill.
Plain linguists don't like watching the Internet.	The prude linguist didn't like to look on the Internet.
We hide these checked copies of books to protect prudent people.	We are hiding these censored copies of the book to protect the sensitivity of the prude.
Susan bought some flowers for her mother.	Susan bought some flowers for her mother.
Susan bought some flowers for her birthday.	Susan bought some flowers for her birthday.
I gave blood.	I gave blood.
I don't give	I don't give a shit.
Andy freed his time freely.	Andy releases his time.
Dan gave his life.	Dan gave his life.
Dan gives charity.	Dan gives to charity.
Sorry, I gave it last week.	Sorry, I gave last week.
Students like his audio books.	The student loved his phonological readings.
I saw these dancers and those musicians smoking.	I saw these dancers and these musicians smoking something.
I drink lemonade and eat brownies.	I drink lemonade and eat a brownie.
We went through the woods and across the bridge.	We went through the forest and across the bridge.
The man who took the taxi last week sued me.	The man whose car I hit last week sued me.
A big man from New York often said that he gave peanuts to an elephant.	The tall New York man often said he gave peanuts to elephants.
The man killed the king with a knife.	The man killed the king with the knife.
We ate in a very high-end restaurant.	We ate in a really fancy restaurant.
I like big bowls of beans.	Big bowls of beans are what I like.
A big boy was kissed by a drooling dog.	The big boy was kissed by the drooling dog.
The drooling dog kissed the big boy.	The drooling dog kissed the big boy.
John and the man went to the store.	John and the man went into the store.
Bruce loves Kelly and hates speech lessons.	Bruce loved and Kelly hated phonology lessons.
Kangaroo jumped the truck.	The kangaroo hopped over the truck.
I haven't read this sentence before.	I've never seen this sentence before.
Susan will never sing at the wedding.	Susan will never sing at weddings.
The official carefully checked the permit.	The officer carefully inspected the license.
Every cat always knows the location of her favorite catnip toy.	Every cat always knows the location of their favorite catnip toy.
The cat put her catnip toy on a plastic cushion.	The cat put her catnip toy on the plastic mat.
The very young child walked from school to the store.	The very young child went from school to the store.
John bought a lettuce for a dollar.	John paid a dollar for a lettuce.
Teenagers drive fast.	Youngsters drive pretty fast.
Smart magicians can easily fool the audience with the right equipment.	A clever wizard with the right equipment can easily fool the audience.
The police may implant drugs into the apartment.	The police could plant the drugs in the apartment.
Those who wish for the Olympics should practice hard every day.	These Olympic hopefuls should train hard every day.
The latest research on dieting always warns people of the danger of excessive cholesterol.	The latest research on diets always warn people of the dangers of too much cholesterol.
The annoying faucet kept flowing for months.	This annoying tap kept dripping for months.
Marian wants to know if the package in Boston will arrive.	Marian wonders if the package from Boston will ever arrive.
I said Bonnie should dance some dances from the Middle East.	I said Bonny should do some Middle Eastern dances.
Dan's smoking in the office really bothered Alina.	Alina really cares that Dan smokes in the office.
The belief that the syntactic theory reveals the internal structure of the sentence makes the already arrogant professor more daring.	The belief that syntactic theory reveals the inner structure of sentences encouraged the already overconfident professor.
I bought a parrot in the store.	I bought the parrot in the store.
I put the milk in the refrigerator.	I put the milk in the fridge.
I mailed the sweater to Mary.	I sent the sweater to Mary.
I know the man with brown hair.	I knew the man with the brown hair.
John said that Mary went to the store soon.	John said Mary went to the store quickly.
I found an ancient English poem.	I discovered an old English poem.
Susan gave George the minivan.	Susanne handed George the minivan.
Clyde received a passionate love letter from Stacey.	Clyde received a passionate love letter from Stacy.
He blew out the candle.	He blew out the candle.
He turned off the light.	He turned off the light.
He blew up the building.	He blew up the building.
He drove away the storm.	He rode out the storm.
Shannon leaves quietly every day.	Shannon went quietly every day.
Juliet said Romeo lied a lot to his parents.	Juliet says Romeo lies a lot to his parents.
The puppy licked the kitten's face.	The puppy licked the kitten's face.
it's raining.	It's raining.
Fred feels good.	Fred is fine.
Bill's breath smelled of Onion, which troubled Erin.	The fact that Bill's breath smells of onions bothers Erin.
Susan kissed the clown's nose.	Susan kissed the clown's nose.
Cedric jumped on a jerky jig.	Cedric danced a funny stencil.
Dell said the lawn was overgrown.	Dale said the lawn was overgrown.
Gilgamesh cut the steak with a knife.	Gilgamesh cut the steak with a knife.
We have been driving to Buenos Aires.	We drove all the way to Buenos Aires.
John labeled Lewis with regular baseball on Tuesday.	John tagged Lewis with a regular baseball on Tuesday.
The big man from New York loves bagels and cream cheese.	The tall man from New York loves bagels with cream cheese.
Susan took a bright blue train from New York.	Susan took a light blue train out of New York.
The chunky platypus kicked a pot of soup from New York to Tucson.	The brave platypus kicked a can of soup from New York to Tucson.
John said Martha sang the aria enthusiastically.	John said Martha sang the aria with enthusiasm.
Martha said that John sang an aria from Bohemia.	Martha said John sang the aria from La Bohème.
The poem collection with bright red cover is stinky.	The poem book with the bright red cover stinks.
Louis hinted that Mary had stolen the wallet smartly.	Louis indicated that Mary had cleverly stolen the wallet.
The extremely tired student hates the syntax tree with passion.	The extremely tired students hated syntactic trees out of passion.
Many soldiers claim that bottled water is the most satisfying thirst.	Many soldiers have argued that bottled water best quenches thirst.
Networking can help you grow your business.	Networking helps you grow your business.
I have never read a book in the entire library.	I haven't read a single book in the library all the time.
I don't have a penny.	I didn't have a red cent.
Felicia wrote a paper on Zapotec.	Felicia wrote a nice paper about Zapotec.
Heidi smashed his head with zucchini.	Heidi hit her head with a zucchini.
Heidi believes in any description of himself.	Heidi believes every description of himself.
John knew that there would be a picture of himself in the post.	John knew that a picture of himself would be in the mail.
Although John loves marshmallows, John is not a big fan of chocolate.	Although he loves marshmallows, John is not a big fan of chocolate.
The pictures of his yearbook made Tom feel horrified.	His yearbook picture makes Tom scary.
Marilyn Monroe is Norma Jeane Baker.	Marilyn Monroe is Norma Jeane Baker.
Gene Simmons was originally named Haim Goldberg.	Gene Simmons was originally called Haim Goldberg.
Kevin ate the pasta with a spoon, and George (Geordie) did the same.	Kevin ate spaghetti with a spoon and Geordie too.
The chef eats beans and uses a fork to salad.	The chef eats beans and serves salads with forks.
I was terrified by the tiger.	I am afraid of tigers.
I'm afraid of tigers.	I am afraid of tigers.
I like circus performers.	I like circus performers.
I'm afraid of tigers.	I'm afraid of tigers.
I like circus performers.	I like circus performers.
I am afraid of tigers and clowns without exception.	I am all afraid of tigers and clowns.
I am afraid of tigers without exception, like clowns.	I am all afraid of tigers and I like clowns.
Bob is serious about Mary, but not as serious as Paul.	Bob is very serious about Mary, but less than Paul.
Robert Burns' Blackwell's poem collection with a red cover has been reading for a long time.	It takes a long time to read the volume of poetry with a red envelope by Robertwell from Blackwell.
Robert Burns' Blackwell's red cover poem collection has been reading for a long time.	Reading the book of poems with a red envelope from Blackwell by Robert Burns takes a long time.
It took a long time for Blackwell's collection of poems and the red cover of Robert Burns to read.	It takes a long time to read Blackwell's book of poems with a red envelope by Robert Burns.
Robert Burns' Blackwell's poem collection has a red cover and takes a long time to read.	Reading the book of poems by Blackwell by Robert Burns with a red envelope takes a long time.
The collection of poems by Robert Burns of Blackwell has a red cover and takes a long time to read.	Reading the book of poems by Robert Burns from Blackwell with a red cover takes a long time.
Robert Burns' poetry collection and Blackwell's red cover will take a long time to read.	Reading the book of poems by Robert Burns with a red envelope by Blackwell takes a long time.
Blackwell’s red cover poem collection by Robert Burns is very long.	Reading the book of poems with a red cover by Robert Burns from Blackwell takes a long time.
A collection of poems with red covers and blue spines takes a long time to read.	It takes a long time to read the book of poems with a red cover and blue spine.
Blackwell’s collection of poems and novels takes a long time to read.	Blackwell's book of poems and fiction takes a lot of time to read.
I love the police wholeheartedly.	I loved the police officer with all my heart.
Mika loves the police very much, and Susan is half-hearted.	Mika loved the policeman very much and Susan did it halfheartedly.
John is afraid of dogs.	John fears dogs.
John is afraid of dogs.	John is afraid of dogs.
Two or three books take a long time to read.	Reading two or three books takes a long time.
The red dress with pink stripes looks good on Sandy.	The red dress with the pink stripes looks good on Sandy.
This ugly man from Brazil found a collection of poems in a puddle.	The ugly man from Brazil found volumes of poetry in the puddle.
Irene never put the pencil in the correct drawer.	Erin never keeps her pens in the right drawer.
Dan walked to New Mexico in the rain last year.	Dan went to New Mexico in the rain last year.
George wrote many Latin poems for short.	George wrote a book of poems in Latin for Jane.
People with boxes of old clothes line up behind the door of a building with a leaky roof.	People with boxes of old clothes stood behind the door of the leaky building.
There are auto factories everywhere in Michigan, which makes me very worried.	I am very concerned that there are many auto factories in Michigan.
No one knows that the rules of phrase structure can explain the phenomenon of infinitely long sentences that are rarely understood.	Nobody understands that phrase structure rules explain the poorly understood phenomenon of the infinite length of sentences.
My favorite language is a language with a simple form and complex grammar.	My favorite language is a language with a simple morphology and complicated syntax.
On Wednesday, a phonetician from Michigan felt a headache for Ivan.	Ivan got a headache on Wednesday from angry phonology students from Michigan.
The collection of grammar articles with red covers annoys Tucson grammar students.	The collection of syntax items with the red envelope bores syntax students in Tucson.
Yesterday, a large number of obscene scriptures from Italy shocked the Minister’s Puritan souls, beards and mustaches.	The red volume of obscene verses from Italy shocked the minister's puritanical soul with the beard quite thoroughly yesterday.
The biggest man in the room said that John jumped from County Kerry to County Tipperary on an Irish dance on Thursday.	The tallest man in the room said John danced an Irish mask from County Kerry to County Tipperary on Thursday.
The professor of linguistics wrapped the t-shirt of the twelfth story in a burlap sack of potato flour, which tasted terrible.	A burlap sack of potatoes with mealy skins fell on the professor of linguistics with the terrible taste of t-shirts from twelfth history.
The bright green file cabinet is full of a prestigious linguistic journal with a medium readership, among which are the most boring articles.	The light green filing cabinet was filled to the brim with the most boring articles from a respected linguistic journal with a moderately large readership.
The leopard's coat is dark black.	The panther's fur is dark black.
The roof of the building is leaking.	The roof of the building is leaking.
The man's hat over there left a deep impression on me.	The hat of the man standing over there impressed me very much.
The leopard's coat is dark black.	The coat of the panther is dark black.
The roof of the building is leaking.	The roof of the building is leaking.
The man standing on that hat left a deep impression on me.	The man standing over there impressed me very much.
The boy ran away.	The boy ran.
Howard is a linguistics student.	Howard is a linguist.
Peter said Danny was dancing.	Peter said Danny was dancing.
Bill asked Susan to leave.	Bill wants Susan to go.
Peter thinks Cathy loves him.	Peter thinks Cathy loves him.
People selling stocks caused the crash of 1929.	People who sold their shares caused the 1929 crash.
For Mary, loving that idiot is a fool.	For Mary, it's a sham to love this bullshit.
I said that Mary signed my yearbook.	I said that Mary signed my yearbook.
I want Mary to sign my yearbook.	I want Mary to sign my yearbook.
I have never seen you eat asparagus.	I've never seen you eat asparagus.
I know you eat asparagus	I know you ate asparagus.
I have never seen him eat asparagus.	I've never seen him eat asparagus.
I think he eats asparagus.	I think he eats asparagus.
I want to eat asparagus.	I want to eat asparagus.
I want him to eat asparagus.	I want him to eat asparagus.
I don't know if he eats asparagus.	I wonder if he eats asparagus.
For him, eating asparagus is ridiculous.	It is a farce for him to eat asparagus.
I want him to eat asparagus.	I asked him to eat the asparagus.
I think he will eat asparagus.	I think he will eat asparagus.
Fabio asked Claus if he had participated in the marathon.	Fabio asked if Claus had run a marathon.
You can lead a horse to drink water, but can you drink it?	You can lead a horse to the water, but will it drink?
He will go.	He will go.
he goes.	He goes.
Peanut butter is moldy.	The peanut butter has gone moldy.
The swing broke the golf ball through the green.	The swing threw the golf ball over the green.
Harry likes to dance, thanks to his shiny tap shoes.	His shiny tap shoes show that Harry likes to dance.
The Brazilians pumped oil across the river.	The Brazilians pumped the oil across the river.
Lenin believed that the Tsar was a dictator who longed for power.	Lenin believes the tsar is a greedy dictator.
Brezhnev once said that Andropov was leaving.	Brezhnev had asked Andropov to leave.
Yeltsin saw Stalin holding the bag.	Yeltsin saw Stalin hold the bag.
Robert believes that students should eat asparagus.	Robert says that the students should eat asparagus.
Robert believes that students should eat asparagus.	Robert says the student should eat asparagus.
Linguistics students like pronunciation teaching.	Linguists like phonetics tutorials.
Martha said that Bill loved his cereal in the morning.	Martha said Bill loved his cheerios in the morning.
Eloise wants you to learn a new language. Suppose =T.	Eloise wants you to learn a new language. assume = T.
Maurice quarreled with Joel and terrified Maggie.	For Maurice to argue with Joel, Maggie was startled.
No one can beat the centaur.	No man has ever hit the centaur.
Rosemary hates New York.	Rosemary hates New York.
Jenny smiled.	Jennie smiled.
Tracy gave the whale lollipop.	Traci gave the whale a lollipop.
Ryan hit Andrew.	Ryan hit Andrew.
Michael accidentally shattered the cup.	Michael accidentally broke the glass.
Leah likes cookies.	Leah likes cookies.
Lorenzo saw the eclipse.	Lorenzo saw the eclipse.
Grammar scared Kenny.	Syntax scares Kenny.
Alyssa kept her grammar book.	Alyssa kept her syntax book.
The arrow hit Ben.	The arrow hit Ben.
Psychologists hate phonetics.	The psychologist hates phonology.
Doug went to Chicago.	Doug went to Chicago.
Dave got Margarita mixed.	Dave got the margarita mix.
George handed this book to Jessica.	George gave the book to Jessica.
Daniel was accused by Hannah.	Daniel received a scolding from Hanna.
Bob gave Steve a grammatical assignment.	Bob gave Steve the syntax assignment.
Stacy comes directly from linguistics courses.	Stacy came straight from the language class.
Andrew is in the best apartment in Tucson.	Andrew is in Tucson's finest apartment.
Chris cut the computer with an axe.	Chris hacked the computer apart with an ax.
This key will open the door of the linguistics building.	This key opens the door to the language building.
He bought these flowers for Aaron.	He bought these flowers for Aaron.
She cooked Matt dinner.	She cooked Matt's dinner.
John put the book on the table.	John put the book on the table.
John put the book on the table with pliers.	John used pliers to put the book on the table.
Megan loves Kevin.	Megan loves Kevin.
It's raining.	It rained.
Snowing.	It snowed.
cheer.	It hailed.
Bill loves chocolate.	It's likely that Bill loves chocolate.
Bill probably likes chocolate.	It is likely that Bill likes chocolate.
I put a book on it.	I put a book on it.
It bit my leg.	It bit my leg.
Shannon sent an email to Dan.	Shannon emailed Dan.
Stacey played baseball for Julia.	Stacy hit Julia a baseball.
Jaime jumped a jig.	Jaime danced a stencil.
Yuko rubbed the pizza with garlic cloves.	Yuko grated the pizza with a clove of garlic.
It is raining in San Francisco.	It's raining in San Francisco.
The stiff professor left with his assistant.	The unwieldy professor went with his teaching assistant.
I played music on the iPod.	I played a tune on my iPod.
Molly gave Calvin a kiss.	Molly kissed Calvin.
Mercedes tested the students in the lecture hall.	Mercedes gave the students a test in the lecture hall.
Eat cat snacks on the spot.	Spot ate a cat treat.
Susan ate at the restaurant yesterday.	Susan ate in the restaurant yesterday.
Gwen looked at the fire truck.	Gwen looked at a fire engine.
Michael asked a question.	Michael asked a question.
Adam asked if hyacinth liked pineapple.	Adam asked if Hyacinth likes pineapples.
I feel unfortunate that TV is too vulgar these days.	I find it unfortunate that television is so vulgar these days.
Angus hates sushi is mysterious.	Angus hates sushi is mysterious.
John bit the apple.	John bit the apple.
Susan forgave Louis.	Susan forgave Louis.
Jockey rides a horse.	The jockey rides the horse.
Philip (Phillip) awarded a medal to the soldiers.	Phillip gave the soldier the medal.
The apple was bitten.	The apple was bitten.
Louis was forgiven.	Louis was awarded.
The horse rode up.	The horse was ridden.
The medal was awarded to the soldier.	The medal was given to the soldier.
The soldier was awarded a medal.	The soldier received the medal.
The apple was bitten by John.	The apple was bitten by John.
Susan forgave Louis.	Louis was awarded by Susan.
The horse was ridden by a jockey.	The horse was ridden by the jockey.
The medal was awarded to the soldier by Phillip.	The medal was given to Phillip's soldier.
Philip (Phillip) awarded a medal to the soldiers.	The soldier received the medal from Phillip.
I ate a basket of apples.	I ate a basket of apples.
I ate.	I ate.
I think John likes his beer.	I think John likes his beer.
I think John likes his beer.	I think John likes his beer.
I ordered John to drink beer.	I ordered John to drink his beer.
I ordered John to drink beer.	I ordered John to drink his beer.
I ordered John to drink beer.	I ordered John to drink his beer.
I asked John if he liked his beer.	I asked if John liked his beer.
Heidi thought Andy was eating salmon-flavored sweets.	Heidi believes that Andy eats salmon-flavored chocolate bars.
Heidi believes that Andy has eaten salmon-flavored sweets.	Heidi believes that Andy ate salmon-flavored chocolate bars.
Heidi thought Andy would eat salmon-flavored candy.	Heidi believes that Andy will eat salmon-flavored chocolate bars.
Heidi believes that Andy eats salmon-flavored candy bars.	Heidi believes that Andy eats salmon-flavored chocolate bars.
Heidi thought he ate a salmon-flavored candy.	Heidi believes that the chocolate bars with salmon flavor were eaten.
He danced.	He danced.
I had fried muffins.	I had eaten the fried muffins.
I had waffles.	I ate the beef waffles.
I will eat beef waffles.	I will have eaten the beef waffles.
Jeff was dancing with Sylvia, and Amy sat angrily at their dining table.	Jeff danced with Sylvia while Amy was angry at her table.
The soup was eaten when it overflowed.	The soup had been eaten when it was spilled.
Jeff must have had fried muffins.	Jeff must have eaten the fried muffin.
Jeff must not eat fried muffins.	Jeff must not have eaten the fried muffin.
Calvin has peanuts.	Calvin has a peanut.
Susan had a cold.	Susan has a cold.
Bill had an accident.	Bill had an accident.
Calvin ate peanuts.	Calvin ate a peanut.
Frank drank too much.	Frank drank too much.
Bill has been dancing.	Bill was dancing.
Danny is a doctor.	Dane is a doctor.
Jorge is the one.	Jorge was the one.
Alex is eating popsicles.	Alex ate the popsicles.
Megan was seated by her brother.	Megan was seated by her brother.
Catherine does her homework.	Catherine did her homework.
Catherine did not eat.	Catherine didn't eat.
Calvin did not step back.	Calvin didn't do a back flip.
Did Bill eat his tuna?	Did Bill eat his tuna?
Is Bill eating his tuna?	Does Bill eat his tuna?
Has Bill eaten?	Did Bill have dinner?
Angus did not leave.	Angus doesn't go.
Calvin hasn't eaten dinner yet.	Calvin didn't eat his dinner.
Spot did not play with the mouse.	Spot didn't play with his mouse.
I should not eat plums.	I shouldn't be eating plums.
Calvin does not eat beef waffles.	Calvin won't eat the beef waffles.
I had fried muffins.	I ate fried muffins.
He always eats fried muffins.	He always eats fried muffins.
He may eat fried muffins.	He could eat fried muffins.
I might eat fried muffins.	I could eat fried muffins.
He will eat fried muffins.	He'll eat fried muffins.
Sylvia will push Jeff down in the martial arts class.	Sylvia will hit Jeff on the head in martial arts class.
Sylvia may push Jeff down in the martial arts class.	Sylvia could hit Jeff on the head in martial arts class.
Sylvia pushed Jeff down in the martial arts class.	Sylvia hits Jeff on the head in martial arts class.
The cat ate.	The cat had eaten.
The cat has been eating.	The cat had eaten.
The tuna has been eaten.	The tuna had been eaten.
The cat is leaving.	The cat left.
The tuna was eaten.	The tuna was eaten.
The cake was eaten.	The cake was eaten.
Reggie didn't chase the ball.	Reggie didn't chase the ball.
Has Calvin eaten waffles?	Did Calvin eat the beef waffles?
What did Calvin eat?	What did Calvin eat?
When the supervisor entered the room, saw what happened and stopped, the prisoner must have been questioned.	The prisoner must have been interrogated when the guard entered the room and saw what was going on and put an end to it.
Fiona must not eat fried candy.	Fiona is not allowed to eat the sautéed candy canes.
Fiona hasn't eaten fried candy yet.	Fiona did not eat the sautéed candy canes.
Can Fiona eat sweets?	Can Fiona eat sauteed candy canes?
I want him to leave.	I wanted him to go.
I'm leaving	I wanted to go.
Heidi investigated whether John ate cauliflower.	Heidi examined whether John had eaten the cauliflower.
Heidi investigated whether John ate cauliflower.	Heidi examined whether John had eaten the cauliflower.
John said Heidi was obsessed with broccoli.	John said Heidi was obsessed with broccoli.
Andy promised us to go.	Andy promised that we would go.
Andy promised us to go.	Andy promised we would go.
Andy agreed.	Andy promised to leave.
If I were a rich person, I would buy a diamond ring.	If I were a rich man, I would buy a diamond ring.
Rory eats.	Rory eats.
Rory ate a muffin.	Rory ate muffins.
The muffins were eaten.	The muffins were eaten.
Rory ate a muffin.	Rory had eaten the muffins.
Rory ate a muffin.	Rory ate the muffins.
Rory must have eaten muffins.	Rory must have eaten the muffins.
Rory may be eating muffins.	Rory can eat the muffins.
Rory can eat muffins.	Rory will eat the muffins.
Rory eats muffins.	Rory eats muffins.
Rory is eating muffins.	Rory eats muffins.
Rory may have been eating muffins.	Rory might have eaten the muffins.
Muffins may have been eaten.	The muffins may have been eaten.
The tuna has been eaten.	The tuna had been eaten.
Calvin will eat.	Calvin will eat.
Tuna will be eaten.	The tuna is eaten.
Calvin will eat.	Calvin will eat.
Calvin will be eaten.	Calvin will have eaten.
Tuna will be eaten.	The tuna is eaten.
Tuna will be eaten.	The tuna will have been eaten.
Calvin will always eat.	Calvin will have eaten.
Calvin is eating.	Calvin ate.
Calvin ate.	Calvin had eaten.
Calvin has been eating.	Calvin had eaten.
The tuna must have been eaten.	The tuna must have been eaten.
Tuna will be eaten.	The tuna will have been eaten.
He has not eaten today.	He hasn't eaten anything today.
I have never seen this movie.	I have never seen this film before.
I never need a pen.	I never have a pen when I need it.
I have always liked peanut butter.	I've always loved peanut butter.
I don't like peanut butter.	I don't love peanut butter.
Martha often thought that Jin En hated phonetics.	Martha often thinks Kim hates phonology.
Do you like peanut butter?	Do you like peanut butter
Have you always hated peanut butter?	Have you always hated peanut butter?
Have you been thinking about dirty ideas?	Do you always think dirty thoughts?
Bradley left.	Bradley left.
Stacy left Tucson.	Stacy left Tucson.
John left his wife.	John left his wife.
John may leave.	John is likely to go.
John is likely to leave.	It is likely that John will go.
The policeman kissed the puppy.	The policeman kissed the puppy.
The puppy was kissed by the police.	The puppy was kissed by the policeman.
The puppy was kissed.	The puppy was kissed.
John smiled.	John laughed.
The audience laughed.	The audience laughed.
Jennifer defeated Steve.	Jennifer hit Steve.
Steve beat Jennifer.	Steve hit Jennifer.
She beat him.	You hit him.
He beat her.	He hit her.
I walk.	I walk.
you go.	You go.
Patrick probably left.	It is likely that Patrick left.
Patrick is very likely to leave.	It is likely that Patrick left.
Patrick is likely to leave.	Patrick will probably go.
He kissed her.	He kissed her.
She was kissed.	She was kissed.
Stacey danced in the palace.	Stacy danced in the palace.
Stacey arrives at the palace.	Stacy arrived at the palace.
Shah slept in bed.	The Shah slept in a bed.
The bed was asleep by Shah.	The bed was slept by the Shah.
Dust fell on the bed.	Dust fell on the bed.
Bill was hit by baseball.	Bill was hit by baseball.
Bill gave Sue the book.	Bill handed the book to Sue.
Suybild gave this book.	Sue received the book from Bill.
I cut soft bread.	I cut the soft bread.
Soft bread is easy to cut.	The soft bread cuts easily.
The ship sank.	The boat sunk.
The torpedo sank the boat.	The torpedo sank the boat.
The captain sank the ship.	The captain sank the boat.
The captain sank the ship with a torpedo.	The captain sank the boat with a torpedo.
The captain was sunk by the torpedo.	The captain sank the boat with a torpedo.
I sent a book to Louis.	I sent a book to Louis.
I wrote a book to Louis.	I sent a book to Louis.
A book was sent to Louis.	A book was sent to Louis.
Louis was given a book.	A book was sent to Louis.
John seems to have gone.	John seems to have left.
Bill asked John to leave.	Bill wants John to go.
John wants Bill to leave.	John wants Bill to go.
John asked him to leave.	John wants him to go.
John thinks he has been in the game.	John thinks he was at play.
John thinks he has participated in the game.	John thinks he was at play.
He is believed to have participated in the competition.	It is believed that he participated in the game.
Becky bought a grammar book.	Becky bought the syntax book.
What did Becky buy?	What did Becky buy?
Stacey said what did Becky buy?	What did Stacy say that Becky bought?
Matt kissed her.	Matt kissed her.
Who did Matt kiss?	Who did Matt kiss?
I don't know who kissed Jim.	I wonder who kissed Jim.
I like strawberry-flavored milkshakes, it has nothing to do with you.	The fact that I like strawberry-flavored milkshakes has nothing to do with you.
She asserts that the tuna-flavored milkshake is good for you.	She made the outrageous claim that tuna-flavored milkshakes are good for you.
I asked where you found it.	I asked where you found it.
I will not disclose this place.	I will not give away the place.
I asked who she kissed.	I asked who she kissed.
I know some people she kisses.	I know several people who kissed her.
I know she kissed several people.	I know several people who kissed her.
I know some people she kissed.	I know several people who kissed her.
I know I bought the book you recommended.	I know I bought the book you recommended.
I know I bought the book you recommended.	I know I bought the book you recommended.
The guy in the red cap hit me!	The guy wearing the red hat just hit me!
I think the guy who might be the drunk hit me!	This guy I think is drunk just hit me!
Bill claimed what he read?	What did Bill say he read?
What do you think Matt kissed?	What do you think did Matt kiss?
I don't know what John bought.	I wonder what John bought.
How do you think John bought that sweater?	How did John buy the sweater?
What do you think about what John bought?	How did John buy something?
I don't know what John bought.	I wonder what John bought and how.
I don't know what John kissed.	I wonder what John kissed.
I asked John what he kissed.	I asked what John was kissing.
To be sure, the police will arrest several rioters.	It was certain that the police would arrest several rioters.
I like Mary and John.	I liked Mary and John.
I ate some popcorn and drank some soda.	I ate popcorn and drank some soda.
Who loves who?	Who loves whom
Who loves who?	Who loves whom
Who does Shirley love?	Shelly loves whom?
Did Fred see a spaceship in the linguistics lounge?	Fred saw a spaceship in the linguistics lounge?
What is bothering you?	What bothers you?
Who has seen my snorkeling?	Who saw my snorkel?
How did the authorities find the plot?	How was the conspiracy discovered by the authorities?
Which animals seem to have lost their collars?	Which animals seem to have lost their collars?
What does Jean think might have been stolen?	What did Jean think he was probably stolen from?
Car sales surprised stockbrokers.	Auto sales have surprised stockbrokers.
Can you find a light bulb shop?	Can you find the light bulb shop?
John was bitten by the advertising executive.	John was bitten by an advertising professional.
Tammy is likely to leave New York.	Tami is likely to leave New York.
Tammy is likely to leave New York.	Tami is likely to leave New York.
Lucy seems to have been robbed.	Lucy appears to have been mugged.
What did you buy in the supermarket?	What did you buy in the supermarket?
What did Beth buy in the supermarket?	What was Beth probably buying in the supermarket?
What did you buy in the supermarket?	What was probably bought in the supermarket?
The path we take today is built by slave labor.	The path we took today was built by slave workers.
Bill always complains about guys working near him.	Bill always complains about the people who work near him.
The price of bagels imported from Iceland surprised the teacher Mike hired last week.	The cost of bagels imported from Iceland surprised the teacher Mike hired last week.
Josh carefully wrote a book to Clay.	Josh carefully gave Clay a book.
Briana showed herself to Justin.	Briana showed Justin herself.
I blew up the building.	I blew up the building.
I blew up the building.	I blew up the building.
I was fried.	I blew it up.
Susan mailed the package to Heidi.	Susan sent the package to Heidi.
I asked Mike if he had ever seen a snowman.	I asked Mike if he saw the Yeti.
I bought some flowers for Manuel.	I bought some flowers for Manuel.
I bought some flowers for Manuel.	I bought Manuel flowers.
Jean might leave.	Jean will probably go.
Jean does not want to leave.	Jean hesitates to leave.
Jean asked Brian to leave.	Jean wants Brian to go.
Jean persuaded Brian to leave.	Jean persuaded Brian to leave.
The possibility of Jean leaving is very high.	It is likely that Jean left.
Jean probably left.	It is likely that Jean left.
Jean might dance.	Jean will probably dance.
The cat came out of the schoolbag.	The cat is out of his pocket.
The cat thought he was gone.	The cat thinks he's out of his pocket.
Jean is likely to dance.	It is likely that Jean will dance.
Jean wants Robert.	Jean wants Robert.
Jane wants him.	Jean wants him.
I want to let.	I want jean.
I want Jean to dance.	I want Jean to dance.
Jean wants to dance.	Jean wants to be danced.
Jean is reluctant.	Jean hesitates.
To find a new partner, go to the dating service.	To find a new partner, go to a dating service.
Jean tried to perform.	Jean tried to behave.
Robert knew it was important to maintain good behavior.	Robert knows that it is important to behave well.
Robert knew this was essential.	Robert knows that it is important.
Robert knew it was important to maintain good character.	Robert knows that it is important that he behaves well.
Louis begs Kate to leave.	Louis asked Kate to go.
Louis begs Kate to allow him to shave himself.	Louis asked Kate to shave.
Expect to express yourself in public.	It is expected to behave in public.
Robert knew it was necessary to show himself.	Robert knew that it was necessary to behave.
Mike expects Greg to take out the trash can by mistake.	Mike expected Greg to falsely take out the trash.
The boys didn't want to leave.	The boys don't all want to go.
Robert is eager to do his homework.	Robert strives to do his homework.
Jean is in a good mood.	Jean seems to be in a good mood.
Rosemary tried to buy a new car.	Rosemary tried to get a new car.
Susan begged Bill to let her sing at the concert.	Susan asked Bill to let her sing in concert.
Susan begged to be allowed to sing at the concert.	Susan asked to be allowed to sing in concert.
Christina is ready to leave.	Christina is ready to go.
People believe Fred wants to try dancing.	Fred is said to have tried to dance.
Susan agreed to try to seem to have been kissed.	Susan agreed to try to be kissed.
Alan told me who wanted to show invincibility.	Alan told me who wanted to appear invincible.
What does John want to eat?	What did John want to eat?
This book is easy to read.	This book is easy to read.
John is easy to please.	John is easy to please.
Improving yourself is the goal next year.	Improving myself is a goal for next year.
It is a good idea to improve yourself.	It would be a good idea to improve.
To improve himself, Bruce should consider treatment.	To improve, Bruce should consider therapy.
To improve herself, Jane went to a health spa.	To improve, Jane went to a spa.
Catherine really hates her job.	Kathleen really hates her job.
My brother likes to collect jazz records.	My brother likes to collect jazz records.
Martina is very afraid of spiders.	Martina is terrified of spiders.
This behavior annoys me.	This kind of behavior annoys me.
The news pleased the students.	The students liked the news.
The horror film disturbs Milo.	Horror films disturb Milo.
The exhibition really left a deep impression on the critics.	The critics were very impressed by the exhibition.
Catherine hates those pictures of herself.	Kathleen hates these pictures of herself.
The children enjoyed each other's photos.	The children admired photos of each other.
Sandra hates reading her articles in tabloids.	Sandra hates reading about herself in the tabloids.
My photos always disturb Milo.	Images of themselves always bother Milo.
It is a dream to be able to buy yourself a ticket to France.	It would be a dream to be able to buy a ticket to France for me.
Reading herself in the tabloid always upset Sandra.	Reading about herself in the tabloids always annoys Sandra.
Brandon read more novels than short stories.	Brandon has read more novels than short stories.
Robin will eat cabbage, but she will not eat ice cream.	Robin will eat cabbage, but she won't eat ice cream.
John can bake something, but I am not sure.	John could bake something, but I'm not sure what.
Frank will eat an apple, and Morgan will eat it.	Frank will eat an apple, and Morgan will too.
Frank will eat an apple, and Morgan will eat an apple.	Frank will eat an apple and Morgan will eat an apple too.
Calvin will strike.	Calvin will hit himself.
Calvin will strike, and Otto will strike.	Calvin will hit himself and Otto too.
Calvin will strike, and Otto will strike.	Calvin will hit himself and Otto will hit himself.
Calvin dated every girl Jeff had.	Calvin has dated every girl Jeff has.
Calvin dated every girl Jeff had dated.	Calvin dated every girl Jeff dated with.
I know the people you dated, but I don’t know the people you dated.	I know which guys you met with, but I don't know which guys you don't have.
Calvin will expel someone today, but I don't know who it is.	Calvin is going to fire someone today, but I don't know who.
Peter is talking to someone, but I don't know who it is.	Peter spoke to someone, but I don't know who.
Brandon reads every book written by Megan.	Brandon read every book Megan had made.
Every book that Megan (Brandon) has read.	Every book that Megan Brandon read.
Darling eats more squid than John Octopus.	There was more squid in it than John Squid.
What Calvin likes.	What does Calvin like?
Alexandra wanted to catch fish, and Sylvia did the same.	Alexandra wants to catch a fish and so does Sylvia.
Calvin admired in the mirror.	Calvin admired himself in the mirror.
Chris wants to win.	Chris wants him to win.
What photos did Chris see in the gallery?	What pictures of yourself did Chris see in the gallery?
What photos does Chris like about himself?	Chris liked what pictures of himself?
What photos does Chris like about himself?	What pictures of yourself did Chris like?
Heidi thought she won.	Heidi thinks she has won.
Heidi thought his photos were beautiful.	Heidi thinks pictures of herself are beautiful.
Heidi gave himself a gift.	Heidi gave herself a present.
The destruction of the palace by the army is a tragedy.	The army’s destruction of the palace was a tragedy.
The army destroyed the palace.	The army destroyed the palace.
Heidi wants to kiss herself.	Heidi wants to kiss.
Heidi said his picture was embarrassing.	Heidi said that pictures of themselves are embarrassing.
Heidi looked at Peter's picture.	Heidi saw Peter's picture of her.
Heidi saw her drawings.	Heidi saw drawings of her.
John loves himself.	John loves himself.
John likes his own photos.	John loves pictures of himself.
John thinks most of his descriptions are wrong.	John thinks most of the portrayals of himself are wrong.
John seems to like his own photos.	John seems to like pictures of himself.
John considers himself the best person in baseball.	John thinks he's the best in baseball.
John wants to congratulate him.	John wants to congratulate himself.
John loves his puppy.	John loves his puppy.
John asked if he would publish a rude description of his work in the paper.	John asked if the unflattering description of his work would be published in the newspaper.
John asked if his paper would be published in the paper.	John asked if his essay would be published in the newspaper.
Any owl can hunt rats.	Every owl can hunt mice.
John spoke to any woman who came to him.	John spoke to every woman who came up to him.
Any woman who heard the news donated to the fund.	Every woman who heard the news contributed to the fund.
Anyone who saw a fly in the food did not eat dinner.	Any man who saw the fly eating did not eat dinner.
You can pick any flower.	You can pick any flower.
Any pilot can fly this plane.	Any pilot could fly this plane.
Any student must study hard.	Every student has to work hard.
Any doctor will tell you.	Any doctor will tell you that.
Any soldier should sacrifice for his country.	Every soldier should be ready to die for his country.
John spoke to a woman.	John spoke to a woman.
John did not speak to the woman.	John didn't speak to a woman.
John even kissed the ugliest woman.	John kissed even the ugliest woman.
John even kissed the ugliest woman who approached him.	John kissed even the ugliest woman who came up to him.
Lions are usually majestic.	A lion is usually majestic.
Philosophers are sometimes wrong.	Sometimes a philosopher is wrong.
Any philosopher is sometimes wrong.	Every philosopher is wrong sometimes.
You must pick a flower.	You have to pick a flower.
The pilot must fly the plane.	A pilot has to fly this plane.
A student must work hard.	A student has to work hard.
Soldiers should be prepared to die for their country.	A soldier should be ready to die for his country.
There are few majestic lions.	Seldom is a lion majestic.
There are few majestic lions.	Rarely is a majestic lion.
There has never been any majestic lion.	A lion is never majestic.
You can definitely pick any flower.	You can pick absolutely any flower.
You can pick almost any flower.	You can pick almost any flower.
Almost any pilot can fly this plane.	Almost any pilot could fly this plane.
Absolutely any pilot can fly this plane.	Any pilot could fly this plane.
You can pick any flower other than roses.	You can pick any flower except the rose.
With the exception of Su, any pilot can fly this plane.	Any pilot other than Sue could fly this plane.
John definitely speaks to any woman who comes to him.	John spoke to absolutely every woman who came up to him.
John spoke to almost all the women who came to him.	John spoke to almost every woman who came up to him.
John talks to any woman except Sue.	John spoke to every woman who came up to him, except Sue.
John put the carrots in his garden in the salad.	John put carrots from his garden into the salad.
John put the carrots in his garden in the salad.	John placed every carrot from his garden in the salad.
John talked to a woman who came to him.	John spoke to a woman who was approaching him.
A woman who heard the news donated to the fund.	A woman who heard the news contributed to the fund.
A person who saw a fly in the food did not eat dinner.	A man who saw the fly eating was not eating dinner.
John spoke to every woman who came to him.	John spoke to every woman who came up to him.
Every woman who heard the news donated to the fund.	Every woman who heard the news contributed to the fund.
Everyone who saw a fly in the food did not eat dinner.	Any man who saw the fly eating did not eat dinner.
John spoke to every woman.	John spoke to every woman.
Mary regrets what she has done to help him.	Mary regretted that she had done everything to help him.
Every student in Mary's class is working on polar projects.	Every student in Mary's class works on polarity objects.
Every student in Mary's class happened to be working on polar projects.	It is true of every student in Mary's class that he works on polarity objects.
Every student in Mary's class is working on a polar project because she is in the class.	Every student in Mary's class works on polarity objects based on their class.
Every student in Mary's class happened to vote for the Republican Party.	Every student in Mary's class chose Republicans at random.
Every woman standing under that tree is a friend of Mary.	Every woman standing under this tree is Mary's friend.
The president thanked every soldier who participated in the war.	The President thanked every soldier who had fought in the United States.
Everyone who participated in the large gathering last week signed a petition.	Everyone who attended the big rally last week signed the petition.
We did not list names, but the President thanked every soldier who fought in the Gulf War.	We didn't keep a list of names, but the president thanked every soldier who had fought in the Gulf War.
The President thanked any soldiers fighting in the Gulf.	The President thanked every soldier who had fought in the Gulf.
Each restaurant advertised in these documents happens to have four stars in the manual.	Every restaurant that advertises in one of these newspapers has four stars in the manual.
Everyone attending the Mary Semantics Seminar is writing a paper on the Polarity Project.	Anyone attending Mary's semantic seminar is writing a paper on polarity objects.
John spoke to any woman at the party.	John spoke to every woman at the party.
John spoke with any powerful politician.	John spoke to every powerful politician.
Mary answered any objection confidently.	Mary answered all objections confidently.
After dinner, we threw away all leftovers.	After dinner we threw away all of the leftovers.
John bought any photos of Queen Elizabeth for sale.	John bought every picture of Queen Elizabeth that was for sale.
Every philosopher is sometimes wrong, but he usually does not recognize this.	Every philosopher is wrong sometimes, but he usually doesn't admit it.
Any female tiger has an orange fur with black stripes on it.	Each tigress has an orange fur that is marked with black stripes.
Birds fly.	Birds fly.
Any bird can fly.	Every bird flies.
All fugitives are now in prison.	All refugees are now in prison.
All lizards will die.	All lizards will die.
John talked to any woman he had seen yesterday.	John spoke to every woman he saw yesterday.
Snow is white, snow is not white.	Snow is white and snow is not white.
No one eats dinner.	Not every man had dinner.
Mary talked to any student.	Mary talks to every student.
Mary talked to any angry student.	Mary spoke to every student who was angry.
Today, any pilot must not be on the plane.	Every pilot has to fly out of the plane today.
Every student reads any books he found about giraffes.	Each student read a book about giraffes that he found.
You can choose any flower.	You can pick any of the flowers.
You can pick every flower.	You can pick any flower.
You can pick any flower, but only give Mary a few.	You can pick any flower, but leave some for Mary.
You can choose five flowers.	You can pick any five flowers.
Mary didn't pick any flowers.	Mary didn't pick any of the flowers.
defloration	Choose a flower.
Confiscated any wine.	Confiscate liquor.
Choose any of these flowers.	Choose one of these flowers.
Every student in Mary's class is studying negative polarity.	Every student in Mary's class works on negative polarity.
There were 20 students in the lecture, and every student present said it was inspiring.	There were twenty students at the lecture and every student who was there said it was inspiring.
We have many graduate students, but this year, the graduate director met individually with each student in the graduate program to discuss their progress.	We have many PhD students, but this year the director of the Research Training Group met with each student in the graduate program individually to discuss their progress.
Susan found every book she was looking for in Borders.	Susan found every book she was looking for at Borders.
Paul interviewed every student at the crime scene, and Kate also interviewed them.	Paul interviewed every student who was at the scene, and Kate interviewed them too.
Every book of Chomsky is hidden in the library.	Every Chomsky book is in this library.
Everything Mary wanted in this shop.	This shop has everything Mary asked for.
You can imagine any book in this library.	In this library there is every book you can imagine.
What does Mary want in this store?	This shop has everything Mary could ask for.
That night, John and everyone who talked to him laughed.	That evening John laughed with everyone he spoke to.
That night, John and anyone who talked to him laughed.	That evening John laughed with everyone he spoke to.
John talked to everyone at the party.	John spoke to everyone who came up to him at the party.
John talked to anyone at the party.	John spoke to everyone who came up to him at the party.
Bill provided Mary everything he had for dinner.	Bill offered Mary everything he'd cooked for dinner.
In those days, Bill gave Mary everything he cooked.	In those days, Bill Mary offered everything he cooked.
In those days, Bill gave Mary anything that Mary had cooked.	In those days, Bill Mary offered everything he cooked.
John fooled himself in front of everyone present.	John made a fool of himself for everyone who was there.
John fooled himself in front of anyone there.	John made a fool of himself for everyone who was there.
Mary sings for everyone who wants to hear her.	Mary sang for everyone who wanted to hear it.
Mary sang for someone who wanted to hear her.	Mary sang for everyone who wanted to hear her.
John slipped in front of everyone there.	John slipped in front of everyone who was there.
At 4 pm, I saw John giving a lecture to everyone nearby.	At 4:00 p.m., I saw John giving lectures to everyone around him.
John knows every language we encounter on our journey.	John knew every language we encountered on our trip.
John knows any language we encounter during our journey.	John knew every language we encountered on our trip.
John likes everything before him.	John liked everything that lay ahead.
John likes anything before him.	John liked everything that was put in front of him.
At the end of the speech, the President thanked any soldiers fighting in the Gulf War.	At the end of his speech, the President thanked every soldier who had fought in the Gulf War.
Bob believes there are no Greeks in the basement.	Bob doesn't think there is anyone from Greece in his basement.
Who can pledge $1000?	Can someone pledge $ 1,000?
Can everyone pledge $1000?	Can everyone pledge $ 1,000?
Can anyone guarantee to provide $1000?	Is there someone who can promise $ 1000?
If someone comes, he will ring the doorbell.	When someone comes, they ring the doorbell.
Every student who wins the trophy will display it in a prominent position.	Every student who wins a trophy shows it in a prominent place.
John saw nothing.	John didn't see anything.
Everyone who has read anything has passed.	Everyone who read something went by.
Students who have not read anything pass.	No student who read anything passed.
No cat likes mice.	Every cat doesn't like mice.
Every cat doesn't like mice.	Every cat doesn't like mice.
Every cat doesn't like mice, for example Felix doesn't like it.	Every cat doesn't like mice, for example Felix doesn't.
Almost every cat likes mice, but Felix doesn't.	Almost every cat likes mice, but Felix doesn't.
Almost every cat likes mice, for example Felix doesn't.	Almost every cat likes mice, Felix for example doesn't.
The Dodgers defeated the Red Sox and the Dodgers were defeated by the Giants.	The Dodgers defeated the Red Sox and the Diants were defeated by the Giants.
The Dodgers defeated the Red Sox and the Giants defeated the Dodgers.	The Dodgers beat the Red Sox and the Giants beat the Dodgers.
Different teams defeated the Red Sox and were defeated by the Giants.	Different teams beat the Red Sox and were beaten by the Giants.
John gave Mary the book and Sue the record.	John gave the books to Mary and Sue the notes.
How many pies did you buy at the fair?	How many of these cakes did you buy at the fair?
How many people have you given these books to?	How many of these books have you given to these people?
The man who chased Fido is back.	The man who was chasing Fido returned.
I think the man chasing Fido is back.	The man I think was chasing Fido has returned.
I think the man chasing Fido is back.	The man I think was chasing Fido has returned.
Who do you think Mary saw?	Who do you think Mary saw?
How slow do you say he drives?	How slowly would you say he drove?
How suspicious is Mary?	How suspicious was Mary?
Who saw that person?	Who saw the man
Who do you think you saw?	Who do you think you saw?
For whom did you regret?	Who do you regret seeing?
Who do you think you saw?	Who do you think you saw?
Who do you think has seen you?	Who saw you?
Who does Mary like?	Who does Mary like?
He is very talkative.	He was talkative.
He is a bully.	He was a bully.
He is talkative and bullying.	He was talkative and a bully.
John is easy to please and love.	John is easy to please and to love.
The kennel where Mary and Fido were sleeping was stolen.	The kennel that Mary made and Fido is sleeping in was stolen.
Mary's kennel where drugs were stored and Fido was sleeping was stolen.	The kennel where Mary keeps drugs and Fido sleeps has been stolen.
John saw more horses than Bill and Pete talked about.	John saw more horses than Bill saw or Pete spoke to.
John saw more horses than Bill saw cattle or Pete talking to cats.	John saw more horses than Bill saw cows or Pete talked to cats.
I know someone whom Bill has seen and Mary likes.	I know a man that Bill saw and that Mary liked.
I know a man who saw Bill and liked Mary.	I know a man who saw Bill and liked Mary.
I want to know who Bill saw, and Mary liked it.	I wonder who Bill saw and liked Mary.
I want to know who Mary likes and hope he will win.	I wonder who likes Mary and hopes to win.
Which book and pencil did John buy?	Which book and pencil did John buy?
Under which table and flower pot did John put the key?	On which table and under which flower pot did John put the keys?
Which city and conference did Bill go to?	Which city and which conference did Bill go to?
Which city and conference did Bill go to?	Which city and which conference did Bill go to?
Which city and conference did Bill go to?	Which city and which conference did Bill go to?
John, who and whose friend the letter is for, is a fool.	John, to whom and to whom friends this letter was addressed, is a fool.
I don't know when and where she went that day.	I wonder when and how often she went that day.
I want to know who he and whose friends he handed over to the FBI.	I wonder who and whose friends he handed over to the FBI.
I want to know exactly what happened to Rosa Luxembourg over the years.	For many years I wanted to know exactly what happened to Rosa Luxemburg.
For many years, I have been wondering what happened to Rosa.	I have wanted to know exactly what happened to Rosa for many years.
I had hoped that Rosa Luxemburg actually defected to Iceland for many years. This is true.	I was hoping that Rosa Luxemburg had indeed left for Iceland for many years.
I had hoped that Rosa Luxemburg had indeed defected to Iceland for many years.	I was hoping that Rosa Luxemburg had actually left for Iceland for many years.
I want to meet the man who spent many years planning to assassinate Kennedy for many years.	I wanted to meet the man who spent so much money planning the murder of Kennedy for years to come.
I always wanted to meet this man who spent a lot of money planning to assassinate Kennedy.	For many years I wanted to meet the man who spent so much money planning the murder of Kennedy.
The woman thought the man was sick.	The woman believed that the man who was here was sick.
The woman believed that the man here was sick.	The woman believed that the man who was here was sick.
The woman here believes that the man is sick.	The woman who was here believed the man was sick.
A woman beat a pregnant girl.	A woman hit a pregnant girl.
It is said that people do crazy things at Dorothy faster than others.	Dorothy is said to do crazy things at higher speeds than other people.
It is said that people doing such crazy things at Dorothy at such a fast speed, I doubt it.	Dorothy says that the people there do such crazy things at such a high speed that I get skeptical.
A woman beat a pregnant girl.	A woman hit a pregnant girl.
A pregnant woman beat a girl.	A pregnant woman hit a girl.
A man came in, a woman went out, and they were very similar in every way.	A man just came in and a woman went out who were similar in many ways.
A man just came in, a woman went out, they hated each other like poison, and they were always together.	A man just came in and a woman went out who hated each other like poison and always did.
Jack may be, Tony is certainly a werewolf.	Jack may be, and Tony is certainly a werewolf.
Harry claims, but I don’t believe Melvin is a Communist.	Harry said, but I don't think Melvin is a communist.
I like it, but Tom doesn't like going to new places.	I like, but Tom doesn't like visiting new places.
I can tell you when, but I cannot tell you why, he left me.	I can tell you when, but I can't tell you why, he left me.
I have been thinking about whether or not, but I don’t want to say for sure.	I was wondering if, but I wouldn't say that in a positive way.
John hummed and Mary sang the same song.	John hummed and Mary sang the same tune.
John hummed, Mary sang the same song.	John hummed and Mary sang at the same volume.
John gave Mary, and Joan asked Fred to read the book.	John gave Mary and Joan gave Fred what looked like books.
The Red Sox were defeated, and the Giants were defeated by different teams.	The Red Sox struck and the Giants were defeated by various teams.
Smith borrowed books from the library, and later his fortune donated a valuable manuscript.	Smith lent a valuable collection of manuscripts to the library and his widow later donated them.
Which club did you use to hit the winning putter?	With which club did you win the putt?
With which club did you hit the winning putter?	With which club did you win the putt?
Ethel sat on her desk.	Ethel was sitting at her desk.
The accountant is sitting at her desk.	The accountant was sitting at her desk.
Accountants review our financial situation every year.	Accountants review our finances every year.
Some accountants quietly work in the background.	Some accountants counted quietly in the back office.
Will more accountants have an impact on my tax bill?	Would more accountants affect my tax bill?
The truck sprinkled with salt.	The truck distributed salt.
The truck sprinkled with salt.	The truck distributed the salt.
The truck sprinkled with salt.	The truck distributed salts.
This truck sprinkled less salt than that one.	This truck distributed less salt than this.
This winter, there are fewer and fewer trucks on the highway.	There are fewer trucks on the highway this winter.
This winter, there are fewer and fewer trucks on the highway.	There are fewer trucks on the highway this winter.
Dogs chase cats.	Dogs chase cats.
Flora chef.	Flora is cooking.
Flora cooking cuisine.	Flora cooks gourmet dishes.
The cat shot a dead mouse into the kitchen on Sunday morning.	The cat shot into the kitchen with a dead mouse on Sunday morning.
The cat slid into the kitchen with a dead mouse.	The cat sauntered into the kitchen with a dead mouse.
Messi drove from Morningside to Leith on Wednesday.	Maisie drove her car from Morningside to Leith on Wednesday.
On Wednesday, Maisie drove from Morningside to Leith.	On Wednesday, Maisie drove her car from Morningside to Leith.
Maisie drove from Morningside to Leith on Wednesday.	Maisie drove her car from Morningside to Leith on Wednesday.
Giffs was hanging around in the room.	Jeeves strolled into the room.
Giffs walked into the room.	Jeeves strolled into the room.
Which room did Giffs hang out to?	In which room did Jeeves stroll?
Which room does Giffs go to?	In which room did Jeeves stroll?
Barbara passed the result to Alan on Tuesday.	Barbara shared the results with Alan on Tuesday.
Students in this math class give Margaret cake.	The students in this math class gave Margaret all the cakes.
Students in this math class give Margaret cake every Friday.	The students in this math class gave Margaret cakes every Friday.
This package is heavy.	This package is very difficult.
This very heavy package was delivered yesterday.	This very heavy package was delivered yesterday.
Very heavy, this package!	Very difficult, this package!
This package is heavy.	What this package is is very difficult.
We used this chainsaw to kill the murderer.	We put down the murder with this chainsaw.
We used this chainsaw to shoot down the murder.	We felled the murder with this chainsaw.
Barbara gave interesting results to Alan on Tuesday.	Barbara handed Alan the interesting results of the last exam on Tuesday.
Barbara gave them to Allen on Tuesday.	Barbara passed it on to Alan on Tuesday.
This big package is heavy.	This big package is very heavy.
This large package is heavy, and this small package is also heavy.	This large package is very heavy, as is this small package.
Vera weaves in the lounge.	Vera knits in the lounge.
Vera weaves there.	Vera knits there.
Grandma is coming to Mr. Chalcey's school tomorrow.	Grandma will come to Mr. Chalky's school tomorrow.
Grandma is coming here tomorrow.	Grandma comes here tomorrow.
The cat is sleeping in the kitchen.	The cat slept in the kitchen.
The cat trot to the kitchen.	The cat trotted into the kitchen.
The mouse jumped out of the cheese box.	The mouse jumped out of the cheese box.
The mouse moved out of the cheese box.	The mouse was out of the cheese box.
The cat trot in the kitchen.	The cat trotted in the kitchen.
The cat ran in.	The cat trotted in.
The mouse jumped out.	The mouse jumped out.
The beagle attacked the thief.	The terrier attacked the burglar.
The beagle attacked the thief's ankle.	The terrier devastated the burglar's knuckles.
The beagle attacked the thief, and the beagle attacked the thief's ankle.	The terrier attacked the burglar and the terrier devastated the burglar's knuckles.
The beagle attacked the thief and attacked the thief's ankle.	The terrier attacked the burglar and devastated the burglar's knuckles.
Did the rich young man buy a piano for his fiancee?	Did the rich young man buy this piano for his secret fiance?
Who bought the piano for his fiancee?	Who bought the piano for his secret fiancee?
What did the rich young man buy for his secret fiancee?	What did the rich young man buy for his secret fiancee?
For whom did the rich young man buy the piano?	Who did the rich young man buy the piano for?
The rich young man bought the fiancee of the piano.	The rich young man bought this piano from his secret fiancee.
The piano was bought by the rich young man for his secret fiancee.	This piano was bought by the rich young man for his secret fiancee.
I don't like plum brandy, but I just like this port.	I don't like the plum brandy, but the port that I just love.
Frank bought a piano for Jane.	Frank bought the piano for Jane.
Frank bought Jane piano.	Frank bought the piano for Jane.
This piano was bought by Frank for Jane.	The piano was bought by Frank for Jane.
Frank bought a piano for Jane.	The piano that Frank bought for Jane.
Did Frank buy a piano for Jane?	Did Frank buy the piano for Jane?
Did Frank buy a piano?	Did Frank Jane buy the piano?
Did Frank buy the piano for Jane?	Was Frank buying the piano for Jane?
What did Frank buy for Jane?	What did Frank buy for Jane?
Frank bought something for Jane.	Frank bought something for Jane.
Has Frank bought anything for Jane?	Did Frank buy something for Jane?
What Frank bought for Jane.	What did Frank buy for Jane?
The children chased the dog.	The children hunted the dog.
The cook didn't save any scrap for the dog.	The cook saved the dog no leftovers.
Sara swallowed the cake in the kitchen last night.	Sarah devoured the cakes in the kitchen last night.
Mr. Knightley felt hopeless.	Mr Knightley desperate.
Emma despised Miss Bates.	Emma insulted Miss Bates.
Jane Fairfax seems frustrated.	Jane Fairfax seemed annoyed.
Mr. Woodhouse sat in the armchair.	Mr. Woodhouse was sitting in an armchair.
Mr. Knightley walked into the living room.	Mr Knightley entered the salon.
Mr. Elton sent his wife into the carriage.	Mr. Elton put his wife in the car.
Emma gave Harriet bad advice.	Emma gave poor advice to Harriet.
Mr. Knightley suggested that the thief break into Hatfield.	Mr. Knightley suggested that thieves would break into Hartfield.
Eleanor blamed Marian's misfortune on Willoughby.	Eleanor blamed Willoughby for Marianne's misfortune.
Eleanor blamed Marian's misfortune on Willoughby.	Eleanor blamed Willoughby for Marianne's misfortune.
The Romans built this aqueduct.	The Romans built this aqueduct.
The computer will calculate the value of this variable.	The computer calculates the value of the variable.
These objections invalidate the proposal.	These objections have annihilated the proposal.
Too much salt can damage the vehicle.	Too much salt damages vehicles.
Too many vehicles were damaged by salt.	Too many vehicles are damaged by salt.
Frank Churchill gave piano to Jane Fairfax.	Frank Churchill gave Jane Fairfax a piano.
Frank Churchill gave the piano to Jane Fairfax.	Jane Fairfax received a piano from Frank Churchill.
Wickham and Lydia raped.	Wickham fled with Lydia.
Miss Bates can chat for hours.	Miss Bates can chat for hours.
Henry Crawford loves Fanny, but Fanny loves Edmund.	Henry Crawford loved Fanny, but Fanny loved Edmund.
Mr. Bentley was tired of Jane, or Mr. Darcy persuaded.	Mr. Bingley got tired of Jane or Mr. D'Arcy convinced Mr.
Elizabeth regretted meeting Wickham.	Elizabeth regretted meeting Wickham.
Catherine worried that the monastery would be troubled.	Catherine feared that the abbey would be haunted.
Anne's conversation with Mr. Elliott frustrated the captain.	Captain was dismayed that Anne was talking to Mr. Elliott.
Fanny was very pleased with the idea of ??subscribing to the library.	Fanny was thrilled with the idea of ??subscribing to a library.
Who thought of the proposal to abolish the committee?	Who came up with the proposal to abolish the committee?
The hut accepted by Mrs. Dashwood is very small.	The house that Ms. Dashwood accepted was rather small.
The gentleman who saved Marianne was Willoughby.	The gentleman who saved Marianne was Willoughby.
The building we like is in Thornton Lacey.	The building we liked is in Thornton Lacey.
It was Anne Elliott who loved Captain Wentworth, but rejected his first proposal.	It was Anne Elliott who loved Captain Wentworth but rejected his first suggestion.
A motorist reported that the road at Bunker Hill was blocked by heavy snow.	A motorist has reported that the road on Bunker Hill is blocked by snow.
Labrador ate all the food we left on the kitchen table.	The Labrador ate everything we left on the kitchen table.
Please show me the folder where you store the document.	Show me the folder where you saved the documents.
I like the book you gave me.	I like the book you gave me.
I like the food they cook in the dormitory.	I love the food they cook in the dorms.
A driver reported that the road was blocked at Bunker Hill.	A motorist has reported that the road at Bunker Hill is blocked.
I am happy that they might dismantle the Appleton Tower.	I am very happy about the idea of ??demolishing the Appleton Tower.
The hut accepted by Mrs. Dashwood is very small.	The house that Ms. Dashwood accepted was very small.
Anne Musgrave has just met Mr. Elliott on Bath Street.	Anne Musgrave just saw Mr. Elliott on Bath Street.
Nurse Rooke discovered where Anne Elliott lived.	Sister Rooke found out where Anne Elliott went.
Nurse Rooke suspected that Mrs. Clay was going to run away.	Sister Rooke suspected that Mrs. Clay was planning to run away with her.
Annie surprised her father.	Anne surprised her father.
Captain Wentworth married Anne and surprised her father.	Her father was surprised that Captain Wentworth married Anne.
Sir Walter Elliott imagined the scene.	Sir Walter Elliott imagined the scene.
Sir Walter Elliott thought he was handsome.	Sir Walter Elliott imagined that he was still handsome.
Yesterday, Lydia and Wickham mixed together.	Yesterday Lydia ran away with Wickham.
Lydia eloped with Wickham yesterday	Lydia blew out with Wickham yesterday.
When Lydia went to Brighton, she fell in love with Wickham.	When Lydia went to Brighton, she fled with Wickham.
When Lydia went to Brighton, she eloped with Wickham.	Lydia escaped with Wickham when she went to Brighton.
Due to the strike, commuters travel by truck.	Because of the strike, the commuters drove in the army truck.
Due to the strike, commuters travel by truck.	The commuters drove an army truck because of the strike.
As the bus driver is on strike, the commuters travel by truck.	Because the bus drivers went on strike, the commuters drove in an army truck.
Commuters travel by truck because the bus driver is on strike.	The commuters drove in an army truck because the bus drivers went on strike.
Although Mr. Darcy did not like Mrs. Bennett, he married Elizabeth.	Although Mr. D'Arcy did not like Ms. Bennet, he married Elizabeth.
Although Mrs. Darcy did not like Mrs. Bennett, he married Elizabeth.	Despite his aversion to Ms. Bennet, Mr. D'Arcy married Elizabeth.
If Emma leaves Hatfield, Mr. Woodhouse will be upset.	If Emma had left Hartfield, Mr. Woodhouse would have been unhappy.
Did Captain Wentworth write a letter to Anne Elliott?	Has Captain Wentworth written a letter to Anne Elliott?
Write a letter to Anne Elliott.	Write a letter to Anne Elliott.
The girls wanted to know who Mr. Bennet had received in his library.	The girls wondered who Mr. Bennet had received in his library.
We want to know who you met at the meeting.	We wondered who you met at the conference.
She said that Aunt Norris was here.	She said Aunt Norris came in.
She said it was Aunt Norris who entered the room.	She said Aunt Norris came into the room.
Sir Thomas has never been offended like this.	Sir Thomas had never been so offended.
Dr. Jones habitually eats too much rich food, doesn't he?	Dr. Jones usually ate too much, didn't he?
Fanny stopped talking because Aunt Norris came in.	Fanny stopped talking because Aunt Norris came in.
Mr. Yates left because Sir Thomas has never been so offended.	Mr. Yates left because Sir Thomas had never been so offended.
When Fanny first came in, Aunt Norris stopped talking.	Fanny had just stopped talking when Aunt Norris came in.
Fanny regrets talking to Mary.	Fanny regretted speaking to Mary.
Henry wants to marry Fanny.	Henry wanted to marry Fanny.
Mrs. Benny took the others upstairs, Mr. Bentley proposed.	After Ms. Bennet brought the others upstairs, Mr. Bingley suggested.
All Mr. Collins did was to praise Mrs. Bourg.	All that Mr. Collins does is to praise Lady de Bourg.
Mrs. De Bourg tried to persuade Elizabeth to give up Mr. Darcy.	Lady de Bourg tried to persuade Elizabeth to do without Mr. D'Arcy.
Henry wanted to marry Fanny before Edmund returned.	Henry wanted to have married Fanny before Edmund returned.
Fanny regrets talking to Mary.	Fanny regretted speaking to Mary.
What Mr. Collins did was to praise Mrs. Bourg.	What Mr. Collins is doing is to commend Lady de Bourg.
Julia and Maria want to be allowed to perform plays.	Julia and Maria wanted to be allowed to play a piece.
Edmund hopes Fanny can ride a horse.	Edmund wanted Fanny to ride.
Fanny likes to talk to Mary.	Fanny loved talking to Mary.
Smashing the door, he ran down the steps.	He slammed the door and ran down the stairs.
These apples will be delicious when they are ripe.	When these apples are ripe, they are delicious.
The tiger hunts its prey at night.	The tigers hunt prey at night.
Fiona hopes to meet the Prime Minister.	Fiona hoped to meet the prime minister.
Arthur tried to bake the cake.	Arthur tried to bake a cake.
Fiona persuaded Arthur to bake a cake.	Fiona persuaded Arthur to bake a cake.
Susan wants Jane to learn German.	Susan wanted Jane to learn German.
Ayala attends the ball and chats with Jonathan Stubbs.	Ayala went to the ball and chatted with Jonathan Stubbs.
Ayala participates in the game, and Jonathan Stubbs chats with him.	Ayala went to the ball and was entertained by Jonathan Stubbs.
All the Beatles came to Mel Park.	All Beatles came to Merle Park.
The Beatles all came to Meyer Park.	The Beatles all came to Merle Park.
Both Jane and Elizabeth are at home.	Both Jane and Elizabeth were at home.
Both Jane and Elizabeth are at home.	Jane and Elizabeth were both at home.
Larry hunted all the foxes.	Larry hunted all the foxes.
George built two houses.	George built both houses.
All foxes were hunted by Larry.	All foxes were hunted by Larry.
Augusta blames himself for what happened.	Augusta blamed herself for what had happened.
Elizabeth is checking these files at the moment.	Elizabeth is currently reviewing these documents.
Louise broke the cup.	Louise broke the cup.
Alison drove the car.	Alison drove the car.
Martha chewed the bread.	Martha chewed the bread.
The cup was broken by Louise.	The cup was broken by Louise.
This car is driven by Alison.	The car was driven by Alison.
The bread was chewed by Martha.	The bread was chewed by Martha.
These areas are occupied by all European troops.	These fields were crossed by all armies in Europe.
If the girl does not go out, how to chat with the girl?	How can someone talk to a girl when it doesn't go out?
All European troops are advancing in these areas.	All armies of Europe marched across these fields.
Ayala returned the diamond necklace.	Ayala sent the diamond chain back.
Ayala sent the diamond necklace back.	Ayala sent the diamond chain back.
Ayala gave the cousin's diamond necklace.	Ayala sent the diamond chain to her cousin.
Tatiana wrote to Onegin.	Tatiana wrote to Onegin.
Frank bought a piano for Jane.	Frank bought a piano for Jane.
Lucy wrote a letter to Jane.	Lucy sent a letter to Jane.
Lucy sent Jane a letter.	Lucy sent a letter to Jane.
The company sent senior Chinese mining engineers to help plan new mines.	The company sent China its senior mining engineers to help plan the new mines.
Who is the book John sent to?	Who did John send a book to?
To whom did John send the book?	Who did John send a book to?
Where have you been?	Which place did you travel to?
Where have you been?	Where did you go?
Where does John send the book?	Where did John send the book?
He will only give the best students this book.	He would only give this book to the best students.
He will only take the train to Glasgow.	He would only go to Glasgow by train.
He gave this book the best student study.	It is the best student that he gives this book.
He is going to Ireland.	He is going to Ireland.
He told her the whole story.	He told her the whole story.
She told him the whole story.	She told him the whole story.
She rejected another plan.	The other plan immediately rejected her.
The vase that Sheila brought along was broken.	The vase from which Sheila had brought all the way was broken.
The plan was banned to immediately ban traffic.	The plan was immediately rejected that traffic should be banned.
Norman Lemming jumped off the cliff, and William Lemming did the same.	Norman Lemming jumped off the cliff and William Lemming too.
Norman Lemming jumped off the cliff, and William Lemming jumped off the cliff.	Norman Lemming jumped off the cliff and William Lemming too.
Harriet cannot marry Mr. Knightley, but Emma can.	Harriet couldn't marry Mr. Knightley, but Emma could.
All Harriet did was marry Mr. Martin.	What Harriet did was to marry Mr. Martin.
Marrying Mr. Martin is what Harriet does.	Getting Mr. Martin married was what Harriet did.
Emma insulted Miss Bates and annoyed Mr. Knightley.	Emma insulted Miss Bates and annoyed Mr. Knightley.
Harriet passed out.	Harriet passed out.
This book is boring.	The book is amazingly boring.
Ethel, who we all know and love, wants to ask you some embarrassing questions.	The Ethel that we all know and love wants to ask you some uncomfortable questions.
Golfers can be good companies.	Golfers can be good company.
Enthusiastic golfers may be good.	Enthusiastic golfers with major disabilities can be in good company.
These enthusiastic golfers I met on the 19th hole may be good partners.	Those enthusiastic golfers I met on the nineteenth hole can be good company.
The memo ate spaghetti.	Memo ate the spaghetti.
Memos like lasagna.	Memo liked lasagna.
Emma makes Harriet her friend.	Emma made Harriet her friend.
Quiche and I are cooking.	The quiche and I cooked.
Erika made her mother an omelet and made the kitchen a mess.	Erika made an omelette for her mother and the kitchen a mess.
Bill went to London on Monday.	Bill went to London on Monday.
Bill went to London on Monday.	Bill went to London on Monday.
My brother lives near Strasbourg.	My brother lives near Strasbourg.
My brother lives near Strasbourg.	My brother lives near Strasbourg.
Last November, he planted roses in the garden.	Last November he planted roses in the garden.
Last November, he planted roses in the garden.	He planted roses in the garden last November.
The baby chewed the cookies.	The baby chewed the biscuit.
The baby is heavy.	The baby is heavy.
All the baby does is chew cookies.	What the baby did was chew the biscuit.
The baby is chewing cookies.	The baby chewed the biscuit.
Chew cookies!	Chew the biscuit!
Hatfield House is located in Surrey.	Hartfield House is located in Surrey.
Mr. Knightley rode to Kingston.	Mr Knightley rode to Kingston.
Eleanor and Marian travel from Shropshire.	Eleanor and Marianne arrived from Shropshire.
Frank gave Jane Fairfax a piano.	Frank gave Jane Fairfax a piano.
Jane Fairfax received the piano from Frank.	Jane Fairfax received a piano from Frank.
The thief smashed the window with a hammer.	The thief struck the window with a hammer.
Captain Wentworth recovered the property for Mrs. Smith.	Captain Wentworth restored the property for Mrs. Smith.
The window was broken by a hammer.	The window was broken by a hammer.
Ren built St. Paul's Cathedral.	Wren built St. Paul's Cathedral.
Siobhan burned a pattern on a piece of wood.	Siobhan burned a pattern on the piece of wood.
The dog dug a hole in the lawn.	The dog dug a hole in the lawn.
The vase stood on the table in the hall.	The vase was on the table in the hallway.
Imogen brought the vase to his mother's hands.	Imogen brought the vase to her mother.
Imogen broke the vase.	Imogen broke the vase.
Su knows the answer.	Sue knows the answer.
The answer is Su knows.	Sue knows the answer.
Jim chopped wood happily.	Jim happily chopped wood.
When Margaret left, Jim was chopping wood. When he returned, Jim was chopping wood.	Jim chopped wood when Margaret left and was still there when she came back.
Jim felled the logs enthusiastically.	Jim enthusiastically chopped wood.
Captain Oates died to save his comrades.	Captain Oates died to save his comrades.
The arch supports the weight of the tower.	This arch carries the weight of the tower.
The role of this arch is to support the weight of the tower.	This arch carries the weight of the tower.
This arch supports the weight of the tower.	This arch carries the weight of the tower.
The computer is playing six three-dimensional chess games at the same time.	The computer plays six three-dimensional chess games at the same time.
The strong cold killed the climbers.	The intense cold killed the climbers.
The climber was killed by the strong cold.	The climbers were killed by the intense cold.
The climber was killed by the strong cold.	The climbers were killed with the intense cold.
Catriona opened the door with this key.	Catriona opened the door with this key.
Visa and passport together.	The visas come with the passports.
Sally and Andrew went to the party together.	Sally went to the party with Andrew.
Allen made bread with thick white flour.	Alan made the bread with strong white flour.
The builder built the wall with concrete blocks.	The builders made the wall with concrete blocks.
The gardener planted roses in the garden.	The gardener planted roses in the garden.
The gardener planted roses in the garden.	They were roses that the gardener had planted in the garden.
It is a garden where gardeners plant roses.	It is the garden that the gardener has planted with roses.
The gardener will definitely plant roses in the garden.	The gardener is sure to plant roses in the garden.
The gardener will surely plant roses in the garden.	The garden is planted with roses by the gardener.
Helen gave Jim a scarf for Margaret.	Helen sent Jim a scarf for Margaret.
What happened, they went home.	What happened was that they went home.
They believe in everything you say.	You believe everything you say.
You will soon own all the land here.	You will soon own the whole country here.
What she did was send an email to all her friends.	What she did was email all of her friends.
Harriet talked to Emma for several hours.	Harriet spoke to Emma for hours.
The dog chased the cat for a few days.	The dog chased the cat for days.
Harriet told Emma the whole story.	Harriet told Emma the whole story.
The dog caught the cat.	The dog caught the cat.
Beaver built a dam.	The beaver built a dam.
Annie played the tune on the piano.	Anne played the melody on the piano.
Jane is playing the piano.	Jane played the piano.
Jane plays the piano.	Jane played the piano.
Tess knocked on the door.	Tess knocked on the door.
Tess knocked on the door.	Tess knocked on the door.
Frank Churchill crossed the road.	Frank Churchill crossed the street.
Jane is visiting Emma.	Jane visits Emma.
Jane visits Emma.	Jane visits Emma.
Tess knocked on the door.	Tess knocks on the door.
Tess knocked on the door.	Tess knocks on the door.
Frank Churchill crossed the road.	Frank Churchill crosses the street.
Frank Churchill crossed the road.	Frank Churchill crosses the street.
The real game Valencia next Sunday.	Real game Valencia next Sunday.
I'm going to Paris next week.	I'm going to Paris next week.
The minister is here.	The minister has arrived.
I have been working for six hours.	I've been at work for six hours.
Have you ever been to the doubtful voice?	Have you ever visited Doubtful Sound?
An attack occurred yesterday.	There was an attack yesterday.
Emma and Harriet were attacked by the bandits.	Emma and Harriet were attacked by these bandits.
The bandits attacked Emma and Harriet yesterday.	These bandits attacked Emma and Harriet yesterday.
The vase was smashed on purpose.	The vase was deliberately smashed.
The sheep contracted itching.	The sheep were infected with scrapie.
The fans were deliberately provoked by a hostile group.	The fans were deliberately provoked by a rival group.
Fans were deliberately provoked by competitor groups.	The fans were deliberately provoked by a rival group.
Six students were accidentally shot.	Six students were accidentally shot.
Some gifts are used more than ten times a year.	Some gifts are used about a dozen times a year.
Can't you see me studying?	Can't you see I'm reading?
People go hunting in autumn.	People go hunting in autumn.
We spent time cooking yesterday.	We cooked yesterday.
She bought for Harrods.	She buys for Harrods.
I saw it, he cut it.	I saw and he chops.
This sweater is well washed.	This sweater washes well.
This book is well read.	This book reads well.
These cars sold quickly last week.	These cars sold very quickly last week.
It took Mercy several years to clean it up.	It will take years for the Mersey to be clean.
The course is progressing smoothly.	The course jumps well.
A bomb did not lead and crashed.	A bomb failed and crashed.
Fiona may be here at 5 o'clock.	Fiona can be here at 5 a.m.
If Fiona is here at 5 o'clock, we can go to the party.	When Fiona is here at 5am we can go to the party.
It's time for Fiona to find a job.	It is high time that Fiona got a job.
Is Pat a fool or a liar?	Pat is either stupid or a liar.
Pat is a Republican and is proud of it.	Pat is a Republican and proud of it.
Pat is healthy and mentally healthy.	Pat is healthy and healthy.
Pat is sleeping or in the office.	Pat is sleeping or in the office.
That's rude, and it tastes bad.	That was a rude remark and very tasteless.
Sandy is either a lunatic or a person affected by drugs.	Sandy is either insane or under the influence of drugs.
I hope to receive the invitation and feel optimistic about my chance.	I hope for an invitation and optimistic about my chances.
I am neither an authority on the subject nor trying to portray myself as one.	I am not an authority in this area, nor am I trying to present myself as one.
Pat was neither recommended for promotion nor had any illusions about its meaning.	Pat was neither recommended for promotion nor under any illusions about what that meant.
Pat has become a banker and is very conservative.	Pat has become a banker and has become very conservative.
I think this is impolite, and [NP and PP] taste bad.	I think that is a rude remark and a very bad taste [NP and PP].
The scene of the movie is in Chicago.	The scene of the film was in Chicago.
John sang beautifully.	John sang beautifully.
John sang carols.	John sang a Christmas carol.
Metallographic and Sandy dance.	Kim sang and Sandy danced.
Kim and Sandy met.	Kim and Sandy met.
Jin Chang and accompanied by Sandy.	Kim sang and was accompanied by Sandy.
Kim is a banker.	Kim was a banker.
Dana was competent.	Dana was pretty competent.
Leslie is in the flood zone.	Leslie was in the flood zone.
Ronnie was talking to Lou.	Ronnie spoke to Lou.
Jean won the prize.	Jean was given a prize.
Pat has become a Republican.	Pat has become a Republican.
Gerry became very conservative.	Gerry got pretty conservative.
Pat became a Republican, very conservative.	Pat became a Republican and quite conservative.
We walked carefully.	We went slowly and with great care.
They want to leave tomorrow or Tuesday.	They wanted to leave tomorrow or Tuesday.
We are closed on Saturdays and any national holidays.	We are open on Saturdays, every national holiday and alternately.
Jin alienated the cat and beat his dog.	Kim alienates cats and hits his dog.
Jin alienated the cat and beat his dog.	Kim alienates cats and hits his dog.
Jin alienated the cat and beat his dog.	Kim alienated cats and hit his dog.
Jin alienated the cat and beat his dog.	Kim alienated cats and hit his dog.
Which student’s score was not reported?	Which grades were not reported?
They found their photos.	They found pictures of themselves.
Who said you bothered me?	Who did you say my conversation would bother me with?
Which article did Terry archive without reading?	What article did Terry submit without reading?
What books did Robin read and hate?	Which books did Robin read and hate?
They talked to Jin He.	They talked to Kim and each other.
He hates himself and his friends.	He hated himself and his friends.
They remain vigilant about themselves and each other.	They were careful with themselves and with each other.
They asked which students and teachers would get along.	They asked which students and which teachers would get along.
We summoned every man whose father and mother had participated in the competition.	We called every man whose father and mother had played on the team.
I went to the store and bought some whiskey.	I went to the store and bought some whiskey.
She was gone and now ruined her clothes.	She left and has now ruined her dress.
I must try to find that screw.	I have to try to find this screw.
She went to buy whiskey.	She goes and buys whiskey.
I went to buy some whiskey.	I bought whiskey.
I'll buy some whiskey.	I'm going to buy some whiskey.
I will try to buy some whiskey.	I will try to buy some whiskey.
I went to the store and bought some whiskey.	I went to the store and bought some whiskey.
I must try, and I must find that screw.	I have to try and I have to find this screw.
We both went to the store and bought whiskey.	I both went to the store and bought some whiskey.
I must try my best to find that screw.	I both have to try to find this screw.
This is the whiskey I bought at the store.	Here is the whiskey that I bought in the store.
Which dress did she go now and ruin?	What dress has she ruined now?
I must try to find the screws to secure the door to the frame.	The screw I need to find holds the door to the frame.
We Americans or I will be in trouble.	Either we Americans or myself will get us in trouble.
Either you or I will incriminate myself.	Either you or I will burden ourselves.
You and I may be guilty.	You and I can burden ourselves.
We Americans and British people spoil ourselves.	We Americans and the British spoil ourselves.
Both you British and you Americans spoil yourself.	You British and you Americans pamper yourself.
You British or Americans will be in trouble.	You British or you American will get yourself in trouble.
You and Carey are already out of luck.	You and Kerry outdid yourself.
You or Kerry deceive yourself.	You or Kerry got engaged.
Boys and girls seem happy.	The boys and girls seem happy.
The boy or girl will be there.	Either the boys or the girls will be there.
Students and Professor Swansong are having a meeting in the park.	The students and Professor Swansong meet in the park.
Professor Swansong or graduate students will preside over the exam.	Either Professor Swansong or the doctoral students will lead the exam.
Dana or Lee will lead the march.	Either Dana or Lee will lead the parade.
Kim and Terry are happy.	Kim and Terry are happy.
Dana or Lee will lead the march.	Either Dana or Lee will lead the parade.
Kim likes Sandy and Lee Leslie. Try to go to Rome.	Kim likes Sandy and Lee Leslie. trying to go to Rome.
Pat wants to go to Bern and Chris wants to go to Rome. Go to Rome.	Pat wanted to try going to Bern and Chris wanted to go to Rome. to Rome.
Kim went to the store and then to the building.	Kim went into the store and then Lou.
Some people go by car, but others ride bicycles.	Some people go by car, others by bike.
Some people like bagels, but others like cream cheese.	Some people like bagels, others like cream cheese.
On weekdays, Terry eats meat and vegetables, but on weekends, only vegetables.	Terry eats meat and vegetables on weekdays, but only vegetables on weekends.
John gave the book to Mary on Christmas and Sue on the birthday.	John gave Mary the books for Christmas and Sue the notes for her birthday.
John discussed his thesis with the supervisor and Erich discussed departmental politics with the dean.	John spoke to his manager about his thesis and Erich to the dean about department policy.
A businessman will drink martini to relax, and healthy nuts (a glass of wine) are just to stay healthy.	A businessman drinks a martini to relax and a healthy nut, a glass of wine to stay healthy.
John leaves the library at 11 and 12.	John left his office at 11 a.m. and at 12 p.m. the library.
A policeman walked in at 11 o'clock and a fireman walked in at 12 o'clock.	A police officer came in at 11 a.m. and a fireman at 12 p.m.
Two days ago, we went out for dinner and went to the movies this afternoon.	Two days ago we went to dinner and this afternoon to the cinema.
They put a lamp on the table and put a radio on the table.	They put a lamp on this table and a radio on this table.
John did not give the book to Mary, nor did he give the paper to Sue.	John gave the books to Mary and Sue didn't the papers.
Leslie is quite stupid, and Lou is an idiot.	Leslie is pretty stupid and Lou is a complete idiot.
Kim seems to be just living, and Terry desperately needs our help.	Kim only seems to survive and Terry desperately needs our help.
We think Leslie is quite stupid, and Lou is an idiot.	We think Leslie is pretty stupid and Lou is a complete idiot.
Pat became crazy and Chris was bored.	Pat went crazy and Chris was incredibly bored.
Pat remembers dating, so punctuality is important.	Pat remembered the appointment and that it was important to be on time.
Goldstein appoints Heydrich (Heydrich), the meaning of which makes many observers frightened.	Many observers were startled by the fact that Goldstein appointed Heydrich and its effects.
We talked about Mr. Coulson, who worked in Coulson.	We talked about Mr. Colson and that he had worked at.
You can rely on my assistant, and he will be on time.	You can rest assured that my assistant is on time.
Pat was annoyed by the children's noise and his parents did nothing to stop it.	Pat was annoyed by the children's noise and that their parents didn't do anything to stop him.
We talked about the issues we were engaged in as a student, and our views have changed over the years.	We talked about the issues we had been working on as students and that our perspectives had changed over the years.
Over the years, our views have changed, and the issues we engage in as students are the subject of discussion.	That our perspectives had changed over the years and the issues we had worked on as students were the discussion topics.
The wise snake disappeared into a hole in the ground.	The clever snake disappeared into a hole in the floor.
The girl in the red coat will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.	This girl in the red coat will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
Bill put the picture of this girl in a red coat on your desk by tomorrow.	Before tomorrow, Bill will put a picture of this girl in a red coat on your desk.
She will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.	She'll put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
Bill will put her picture on your desk tomorrow and tomorrow.	Bill will put a picture of her on your desk before tomorrow.
Clean the desk before tomorrow.	Clean your desk before tomorrow.
This girl will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.	This girl will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
This boy must not go to school, and his father must not go to school.	This boy is not allowed to go to school and his father is not allowed to go to school.
This boy must not go to France, but his father must go to France.	This boy is not allowed to go to France, but his father has to go to France.
The actress must play in this movie, she will play in this movie.	This actress has to play in this film and she will play in this film.
Can Mary win the game, can Su also win the game?	Can Mary win the race and will Sue also win the race?
This girl will buy bread, and one will buy bread.	This girl will buy bread and she will buy bread too.
Tourists will go to the park.	The tourists will go to the park.
Will tourists go to the park?	Are the tourists going to the park?
Some students from Australia speak Chinese.	A student from Australia speaks Chinese.
Do any students from Australia speak Chinese?	Does a student from Australia speak Chinese?
They had to walk for a few hours.	You would have run for hours.
Will they walk for hours?	Would you have walked for hours?
This girl can't buy bread, can she buy bread?	This girl won't buy bread, will she buy bread?
Sean Penn can perform well in many movies. Does he perform well in many movies?	Sean Penn can act well in many types of films, can't he act well in many types of films?
Before tomorrow, you will put Bill's picture on the table.	You will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
This girl in a red coat, or you will put Bill's picture on the table before tomorrow.	This girl in the red coat or you will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
No boy will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.	No boy will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
This girl in a red coat, but no boy will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.	This girl in the red coat, but no boys will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
The girl in the red coat tomorrow will put it and a picture of Bill on your desk.	This girl in the red coat will put it and a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
The girl in the red coat will put Bill's picture in the mailbox before tomorrow.	This girl in the red coat will put a picture of Bill in the mailbox before tomorrow.
After dinner, this girl in a red coat will put a picture of Bill on your desk.	This girl in a red coat will put a picture of Bill on your desk after dinner.
After dinner and before tomorrow, the girl in the red coat will put a picture of Bill on your desk.	This girl in the red coat will put a picture of Bill on your desk after dinner and before tomorrow.
The girl in the red coat will have breakfast tomorrow morning.	This girl in the red coat will have breakfast before tomorrow.
The girl in the red coat will have breakfast before tomorrow, and put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.	This girl in a red coat will have breakfast before tomorrow and put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
The girl in the red coat will have breakfast and will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.	This girl in a red coat will have breakfast and put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
The girl in the red coat will put Bill's picture on your desk.	This girl in the red coat will put a picture of Bill on your desk.
The girl in the red dress must put a picture of Bill on the table.	This girl in the red dress has to put a picture of Bill on your desk.
John and Mary will play with Henry and Sue.	John and Mary will play with Henry and Sue.
They play unusual music, and I listen to unusual music.	You play unusual music and I listen to unusual music.
They play and I listen to unusual music.	You play and I listen to unusual music.
I love ice milk tea, but you hate ice milk tea.	I love ice milk tea, but you hate ice milk tea.
I love, but you hate ice milk tea.	I love but you hate ice milk tea.
She may have melted the barbecue, she should have melted it.	She could have thawed the roast and should have thawed the roast.
She may have melted and should have baked.	It could and should have thawed the roast.
Smith borrowed a valuable collection of manuscripts from the library. Later, his widow donated a valuable collection of manuscripts to the library.	Smith lent a valuable collection of manuscripts to the library, and his widow later gave the library a valuable collection of manuscripts.
Smith borrowed money, and his legacy id later donated a valuable collection of manuscripts to the library.	Smith lent and his widow later donated a valuable collection of manuscripts to the library.
I borrowed a lot of money from the bank, my sister stole a lot of money from the bank.	I borrowed large sums of money from the bank and my sister stole large sums of money from the bank.
I borrowed money and my sister stole a lot of money from the bank.	I borrowed and my sister stole large sums of money from the bank.
Mary should know that you have to go to the station.	Mary should know that you have to go to the train station.
Then you have to go to the station, Mary should know that you have to go to the station.	Mary should know that you have to go to the train station that you have to go to the train station.
You noticed that John wanted to take a look after class.	It is your notes that John wants to see after class.
John wants to check your notes after class.	After class, John wants to see your notes.
After class, John wants to see your notes.	It is John who wants to see your notes after class.
It was Ann who bought the first edition of "Richard III" for $1,000.	It was Ann who bought a first edition of Richard III for $ 1,000.
This is the first edition of Richard III purchased by Anne for $1,000.	It was a first edition of Richard III that Ann bought for $ 1,000.
Ann bought the first edition of "Richard III" for $1,000.	Ann bought a first edition of Richard III for $ 1,000.
Mary saw the tall man from England.	Mary saw the big man come from England.
Mary saw the tall man coming from behind.	Mary saw the big man coming from behind.
This is a photo of Bill. This girl in a red coat will be on your desk before tomorrow.	It's a picture of Bill that this girl in a red coat will put on your desk before tomorrow.
What John wants to see now is your notes.	What John wants to see now is your notes.
John drove to Cleveland.	John drove the truck in Cleveland.
John became very afraid of flying.	What John became was terrified of flying.
John told us he wanted to quit school.	John told us that he wanted to leave school.
John told us that he wanted to quit school.	What John told us is that he wants to leave school.
John promised us to be gentle.	John promised to be gentle.
Mary will arrive tomorrow.	Mary will arrive tomorrow.
Henry wanted the book to be at the top.	Henri wants the book on the top shelf.
What Henry wanted was that book on top.	What Henri wants is the book on the top shelf.
The spy became too friendly to his new friend.	The spy became too friendly with his new contacts.
The spy became too friendly with his new contacts.	What the spy became was too friendly with his new contacts.
What the girl in the red coat will do is to put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.	What this girl in the red coat will do is put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
Henry wants to buy these books about cooking.	Henri wants to buy these books about cooking.
What books does Henry want to buy about cooking?	What books about cooking does Henri want to buy?
I have sent it to you.	I sent it to you.
Friends of Bill's mother are waiting in the restaurant.	Bill's mother's friends are waiting in the restaurant.
Friends of Bill's mother and John are waiting in the restaurant.	Bill's mother and John's friends are waiting in the restaurant.
It was John waiting in the restaurant.	It was John waiting in the restaurant.
John and Bill are waiting in the restaurant.	It was John and Bill waiting in the restaurant.
I had pasta with Marco on Sunday.	I will eat spaghetti with Marco on Sunday.
I will talk to Hector about this.	I'll talk to Hector about it.
I doubt Mary read the riddle.	I doubt Mary reads secrets.
He murmured that the tourists would leave.	He muttered that visitors would leave.
The fact that John played is very well-founded.	The fact that John snores is informative.
The man Mary saw met me.	The man Mary saw knew me.
The away team may surprise them by winning the game.	She was surprised that the visiting team won the race.
That's what you should see.	You should see that.
John knew she had left.	John knows that she left.
John knows whether she will come back.	John knows if she will come back.
John knew if she had left, if she would come back.	John knows that she has left and if she will come back.
John knew she had left, and John knew whether she would come back.	John knows she's gone and John knows if she'll be back.
John asked if she had left.	John asked if she had left.
I doubt if she can achieve the perfect goal every time.	I doubt that she scores perfect goals every time.
They think she can do it.	They think she can do it.
Whether she left is unclear.	it is highly unclear whether she left.
The girl put the photo there to prove her.	That the girl took a picture there proves her guilt.
I prefer girls to put photos there.	I prefer the girl to take a picture there.
For the girl to take a picture, I prefer it.	For the girl to take a picture, there is what I prefer.
Asking the girl to take a picture will surprise you.	If the girl took a picture there, she would surprise you.
I hope the girl will win.	I prefer the girl to win.
Let's go	Let's go.
I ran on the beach.	I run on the beach.
The three sunbathers went swimming.	The three sun worshipers went swimming.
I hope Mary wins.	I hope Mary wins.
They knew whether Mary had won.	You know if Mary won.
I don't know if Mary will win.	I wonder if Mary will win.
They want Mary to leave.	They prefer Mary to go.
John wants to know whether Mary will win.	John wonders if Mary will win.
John wants to know if he wants to win.	John wonders if he should win.
Whether she will win is a question that Mary has never considered.	Whether she will win is a question that Mary never thought about.
Whether to win is a question that Mary has never considered.	Whether you win is a question Mary never thought about.
I think you will see the girl putting a picture on your desk.	I think you will see the girl put a picture on your desk.
They know that you will want the girl to put the photo on your desk.	You understand that you prefer the girl to put a picture on your desk.
Mary is easy to cut paper.	Mary cuts the paper lightly.
Paper is easy to cut.	The paper cuts easily.
He won the game and may surprise them.	She was surprised that he won the race.
For him, winning the game will surprise them.	It would surprise her to win the race for him.
John saw Mary.	John saw Mary.
Harry likes to watch movies.	Harry likes films.
It is important for Mary to leave on time.	It is important for Mary to go on time.
John can go to the market by bicycle.	John can go to the market with his bike.
Mary should buy some flowers on Sunday.	Mary should buy flowers on Sunday.
My niece can write to me before her third birthday.	My niece could write letters to me before her third birthday.
My nephew can write a letter to his parents with a pen.	My nephew could write letters to his parents with a fountain pen.
John can enter the market quickly.	John can go to the market quickly.
Mary should buy some flowers for her mother to arrange.	Mary should buy flowers that her mother can arrange.
My niece can write to me more faithfully.	My niece could write letters to me more faithfully.
John can enter the market quickly.	John can go to the market quickly.
My niece can write to me more faithfully.	My niece could write me faithful letters.
John can ride a bicycle to the market by truck.	John can ride his bike to the market on a truck.
Mary should buy some flowers at 5 o'clock on Sunday.	Mary should buy flowers at 5 a.m. on Sunday.
My nephew can write to his parents with a pen with your help.	With your help, my nephew could write letters to his parents with a fountain pen.
Bailey visited his uncle.	Pelé visited his uncle.
She sold the car to Sam for five dollars.	She sold the car to Sam for five dollars.
She used propane to drive from Reno to Vegas.	She drove from Reno to Vegas with propane.
This process changes the substance from solid to liquid and gas to energy.	The process converted the substance from solid to liquid to gaseous to energetic.
We associate its subsidiaries with company offices.	We have connected their subsidiaries to our company headquarters.
I ride a bicycle in France.	I drove through France.
Mary drank beer from 6 to 9 in the barn.	Mary drank beer in the barn from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m.
Is it in the barn or in the barn.	It was in the barn or it was in the barn.
They want to know whether Mary will run.	You wonder if Mary will run.
They are strange about this.	You wonder about it.
They want to know.	You are amazed.
I know she is running.	I know she is running.
I know.	I know.
I said she ran.	I said that she runs.
I said that.	I said that.
I want Mary to run.	I prefer Mary to run.
I like this.	I prefer that.
I said to let Mary run.	I told Mary to run.
I said that	I said that.
I put the book on the shelf.	I put the book on the shelf.
Two ships appeared, arrived, left, and appeared.	Two ships appeared, arrived, stayed, appeared.
Suddenly, two ships appeared on the horizon.	Suddenly two ships appeared on the horizon.
Two inspectors from INS appeared, arrived, stayed, and appeared.	Two INS inspectors appeared, arrived, stayed, and appeared.
The ice melted and broke.	The ice melts, breaks.
The door opened and closed.	The door opens and closes.
They melted and broke the deadlock.	They melted, broke the ice.
They opened and closed the door.	They opened and closed the door.
They cooked and thickened the soup.	They cooked, thickened the soup.
I go, run, swim, jump, fly, climb, dance, walk.	I walk, run, swim, jump, fly, crawl, dance, walk.
I danced a dance.	I danced a dance.
He walked away.	He went the way.
Time passed slowly.	Time passed slowly.
I see the stars.	I see stars.
I know.	Aha.
I like Mary.	I liked Mary.
They surrounded the fortress.	They surrounded the fort.
I gave it to charity.	I gave the charity.
I gave money	I have given money.
I gave.	I gave.
I gave Reg the ball.	I gave the ball to Reg.
John ate.	John ate.
John knows.	John knows.
John saw it.	John saw.
John told.	John told.
The agency classified the documents.	The agency classified the documents.
The war exacerbated poverty.	The war exacerbated poverty.
The project is manageable.	This project is manageable.
Sunday is very important.	it was important on Sunday.
I saw John on Sunday.	I saw John on Sunday.
I put the book on the table on Sunday.	I put the book on the desk on Sunday.
I saw John with a telescope.	I saw John with a telescope.
I spread butter on the bread.	I covered the bread with butter.
Mary will complete the exam within an hour.	Mary will complete her exam within an hour.
The hiker will reach the top of the mountain within an hour.	The hiker reaches the top of the mountain within an hour.
Henry painted the floor for an hour.	Henri will paint the floor for an hour.
I can read linguistics for an hour.	I will read linguistics for an hour.
The student is gone.	The student left.
Only the students left.	only the student is left.
Even the students left.	even the student left.
All the students have left.	All the students left.
I saw the student.	I saw the student.
I only see students.	I only saw the student.
I saw all the students.	I saw all the students.
John I met yesterday will visit us.	John, whom I saw yesterday, will visit us.
I saw outstanding students.	I saw the brilliant student.
I saw the brilliant side.	I saw the diamond.
I saw the smart student with long hair.	I saw the brilliant student with the long hair.
I saw the glory with long hair.	I saw the diamond with the long hair.
I saw a long hair.	I saw the one with the long hair.
I saw that physics student.	I saw the physics student.
I saw a student in the physics department.	I saw the physics student.
I saw students in the physics department with long hair.	I saw the physics student with long hair.
Physics college student with long hair in the library.	The big physics student with long hair in the library.
so big	It is big.
Long hair.	It is with long hair.
It is in the library.	It's in the library.
They are intense.	They are intense.
They intensified.	They intensified.
They are special.	You are special.
They specialize.	They specialized.
She is proud.	She is proud.
She is a mother.	She is the mother.
She is John's mother.	She is the mother of John.
They read the paper.	You read the newspaper.
The paper is readable.	The paper is legible.
The car driver thought that Mary should leave Dallas tomorrow for Boise.	The driver of the car thinks Mary should leave Dallas for Boise tomorrow.
Her sister will disagree with her.	Your little sister won't agree with her.
The girl he met at the department party will definitely call him.	The girl he met at the departmental party is sure to call him.
Beaver builds a dam.	Beavers build dams.
See you, John.	John will see you.
John thought that Mary had left.	John thinks Mary left.
John thought that Mary had left.	John thinks Mary left.
John whispered that Mary had left.	John whispered that Mary had left.
John will study Russian seriously.	John will learn Russian carefully.
John studies Russian seriously.	John is learning Russian carefully.
I don't know if she will use paint.	I wonder if she will use colors.
Yes, she will.	Yes, it will.
I don't know if she used paint.	I wonder if she used colors.
Yes, she did.	Yes, she did it.
John will always eat cake.	John will have eaten cake.
Mary can't eat cake, but John can.	Mary won't have eaten a cake, but John will.
Mary can't eat cake, but John can.	Mary will not have eaten a cake, but John will.
Mary can't eat cake, but John can.	Mary will not have eaten a cake, but John will.
John will eat cake enthusiastically.	John will have eaten cake enthusiastically.
John will always eat cakes with enthusiasm.	John will have eaten cake enthusiastically.
John will always eat cakes with enthusiasm.	John will have eaten cake enthusiastically.
John studied Russian carefully.	John has carefully studied Russian.
John studied Russian carefully.	John had carefully studied Russian.
John is seriously studying Russian.	John is learning Russian carefully.
John is seriously studying Russian.	John studied Russian carefully.
John goes to school.	John goes to school.
Mary thought Bill would come.	Mary thinks Bill will come.
Mary wondered if Bill would come.	Mary wonders if Bill will come.
Mary prefers Bill to come.	Mary prefers Bill to come.
I don't know that Mary worked at Microsoft.	I wonder if Mary worked for Microsoft.
I want to know if Mary has worked at Microsoft.	I wonder if Mary worked for Microsoft.
Will John go to school?	Won't John go to school?
Has Henry not studied for his exam yet?	Didn't Henri study for his exam?
Did Sue fail her exam?	Didn't Sue pass her exam?
Doesn't John go to school?	Won't John go to school?
Shouldn't Mary drink soup?	Shouldn't Mary try the soup?
Has Henry not studied for his exam yet?	Didn't Henri study for his exam?
Is Bill sick?	Isn't Bill sick?
Did Su fail her exam?	Didn't Sue pass her exam?
She will win the game.	You will win the race.
Elmer completed the cake, John also completed the cake.	Elmer finished the cake and John also finished the cake.
We need to provide two trees and.	we have to provide two trees and.
We also need to explain the relationship between these trees.	We also have to explain the relationship between these trees.
John doesn't like Mary.	John didn't like Mary.
John will ratify the treaty, but George will not ratify it.	John will approve the contract, but Georges will not approve the contract.
Will George really disagree with the treaty?	Won't George actually support the contract?
He would indeed endorse the treaty.	He will actually approve the contract.
He will not ratify the treaty; it is.	He won't approve the contract; and in fact.
John thinks that Bill has left.	John thinks Bill left.
John asked if Bill had left.	John asked if Bill left.
John wants to know if he wants to leave.	John wondered if he should go or not.
John wants to know if he wants to leave.	John wondered if he should go.
Mary sent a book to Bill.	Mary sent a book to Bill.
Mary sent a book.	Mary sent a book.
Mary gave Bill a book,...	Mary sent a book to Bill ...
We put a book on the table.	We put a book on the table.
We think Bill has left.	We think Bill left.
We want to know if Bill has left.	We wonder if Bill left.
We want to know if Bill has left.	We wonder if Bill left.
John came in.	John came in.
Then John left.	Then John went.
He picked up the umbrella.	He took out his umbrella.
When he tried to open it, he hurt himself.	He hurt himself when he tried to open it.
That idiot cannot even hold an umbrella!	The idiot can't even open an umbrella!
John can't even open the umbrella!	John can't even open an umbrella!
John said he was sick.	John said he was sick.
The assistant teacher who scored him said that John did well.	The TA who graded him says that John did really well.
He should decide as soon as possible.	He should decide soon.
Mary wrote him a letter last year.	Mary wrote him a letter last year.
Our rabbit and neighbor's cat love each other.	Our rabbit and the neighbor's cat like each other.
The boys are fighting each other.	The boys were fighting with each other.
Each of our rabbits and neighbor's cats love each other.	Each of our rabbits and the neighbour's cat like the other.
Every boy fights with other boys.	Each of the boys fought with the other boys.
The boy likes himself.	The boy likes himself.
Girls like themselves.	The girls like each other.
Every girl likes herself.	Each of the girls likes each other.
Bill's own picture surprised Bill.	Mary's pictures of herself surprised Bill.
I noticed that John admired himself too much.	I noticed John's over appreciation for himself.
Mary noticed that John admired himself too much.	Mary noticed John's appreciation for herself.
John likes his new photos.	John loved the new pictures of himself.
I showed Mary some pictures of herself.	I showed Mary several portraits.
Mary noticed that John admired herself excessively.	Mary noticed that John overestimated himself.
Mary only admired John and herself.	Mary only appreciates John and herself.
Mary is really grateful and praises herself constantly, and Su knows this.	Mary appreciates herself and praises herself constantly and Sue knows it.
John heard each other's criticism.	John heard their criticism of each other.
John heard their criticism of himself.	John heard her criticism per se.
John likes himself.	John likes himself.
Students are proud of themselves.	The students are proud of themselves.
Everyone likes himself.	Everyone likes each other.
No spy betrayed himself.	No spy has betrayed itself.
I heard John's criticism of him.	I heard John's criticism of himself.
John heard that I criticized myself.	John heard that I was criticizing myself.
Mary likes herself.	Mary likes herself.
The girls like them.	The girls like them.
John's mother likes him.	John's mother likes him.
John believes that Bill saw himself.	John thinks Bill saw himself.
John believes that Bill has seen him.	John thinks Bill saw him.
They like their books.	They like their books.
Everyone thinks he is smart.	Everyone thinks he's smart.
Who thinks he is smart in the class?	Who in this class thinks he's smart?
Bill's mother saw him.	Bill's mother saw him.
The mayor of John's hometown wrote to him.	The Mayor of John's hometown wrote to him.
The builder of his house visited Peter.	The builder of his house visited Peter.
That is a bird.	That is a bird.
This is a fact.	That's the truth.
He is John.	He’s John.
Bob Dylan is Robert Zimmerman.	Bob Dylan is Robert Zimmerman.
I like Mary, she likes me.	I like Mary and she likes me.
She thinks John is proud of his work.	She thinks John is proud of his work.
They saw Bill leave.	They saw Bill go.
Mary prefers to put ice cream in the cone.	Mary prefers that her ice cream is in a bag.
Henry saw Bill go.	Henry saw Bill leave.
Mary prefers ice cream cone.	What Mary prefers is her ice cream in a bag.
John heard Mary describe herself.	John heard Mary describe herself.
Mary thinks John is proud of her.	Mary thinks John is proud of her.
Mary thought John was proud of himself.	Mary thinks John is proud of himself.
John believes he is proud of Mary.	John thinks he's proud of Mary.
Picture of Bill on the table.	The pictures of Bill she put on your desk.
Which photos of Bill did she put on your desk.	What pictures of Bill did she put on your desk?
Susan wants to sleep.	Susan wanted to sleep.
She put Bill's picture on your desk.	She put Bill's pictures on your desk.
She put Bill's picture on your desk.	She put the pictures of Bill on your desk.
Which photo of Bill did you put on his desk?	What image of Bill did you put on his desk?
Which photo of Bill did you put on his desk?	What picture of Bill did you put on his desk?
You said she had to pull a few strings to do this?	How many threads did you say she had to pull for that?
In this case, how much do you think he will take care of his patients?	Under these circumstances, how much care would he take from his patients?
How much progress he might make.	How much progress is he likely to make.
Who left Bill.	Who left Bill?
Who Bill left.	Whom did Bill leave?
Who Bill left.	Whom did Bill leave?
Is there something today?	Is there anything to do today?
The novel has two main roles.	There are two main characters in the novel.
There are 3 firefighters available.	3 firefighters are available.
There are seven people.	There were seven people.
There are several doctors.	Several doctors were available.
Rodney is eating squid, isn't he?	Rodney ate squid, didn't he?
A man is about to jump off the roof, isn't he?	There's a man ready to jump off the roof, isn't there?
Sharks seem to swim slowly in the tropics.	Sharks seem to be swimming slowly in the tropics.
The cat seemed to have left the schoolbag.	The cat seems to be out of his pocket.
Shit seems to be fascinated.	The shit seems to have hit the fan.
There seems to be a nurse.	A nurse appears to be available.
John seems to have left.	it appears that John has left.
Several people seem to be sick.	Some people seem to be sick.
John thinks several people are sick.	John thinks several people are sick.
Several people are sick.	Several people are sick.
Several people seem to be sick.	Several people seem to be sick.
Several people are sick.	Several people are sick.
Bill is sick.	Bill is sick.
Susan wants to sleep.	Susan hopes to sleep.
Susan hopes she can sleep.	Susan hopes that she will sleep.
Everyone wants to sleep.	Everyone hopes to sleep.
Everyone wants everyone to fall asleep.	Everyone hopes everyone will sleep.
Only Churchill remembered to deliver the "Blood, Sweat, and Tears" speech.	Only Churchill remembered speaking about blood, sweat, and tears.
Only Churchill remembers his speech in "Blood, Sweat, and Tears."	Only Churchill remembered speaking about blood, sweat, and tears.
Only Churchill remembered that he gave blood and sweat.	Only Churchill remembered giving blood, sweat, and blood.
Susan wants to fall asleep.	Susan hopes to be able to sleep.
Because John hurt his friend is stupid.	it is stupid for John to hurt his friends.
It is foolish to hurt his friend.	hurting his friends is stupid.
Because John hurt himself is stupid.	it is stupid for John to hurt himself.
It's foolish to hurt yourself.	hurting yourself is stupid.
John promised Bill to leave.	John promised to leave Bill.
John promised Mary that he would leave.	John promised Mary that he would go.
John promised Mary to cut the grass.	John promised Mary to cut the grass.
John promised Mary to control herself.	John promises Mary to control herself.
John seems to be sleeping all day.	John seems to be sleeping all day.
John wants to sleep.	John hopes to sleep.
John wants to sleep.	John tried to sleep.
John thought Bill had slept.	John thinks Bill was sleeping.
John thought Bill had slept.	John thinks Bill was sleeping.
John convinced Bill to sleep.	John convinced Bill to sleep.
John thought it was obvious that Bill had left.	John thinks it's obvious that Bill left.
John thinks it will rain.	John thinks it's raining.
Bill cooked the rice.	Bill cooked the rice.
The rice was cooked by Bill.	The rice was cooked by Bill.
Bill visited Mary.	Bill visited Mary.
Bill visited Mary.	Mary was visited by Bill.
John believes that Bill has already cooked rice.	John thinks Bill cooked the rice.
John thinks the rice was cooked by Bill.	John believes that the rice was cooked by Bill.
John thinks Bill has been to Mary.	John thinks Bill visited Mary.
John believes that Bill has visited Mary.	John believes Mary was visited by Bill.
John convinced Bill to cook.	John convinced Bill to cook the rice.
John convinced Bill to visit Mary.	John convinced Bill to visit Mary.
John thought Bill had slept.	John thinks Bill was sleeping.
I sent money	I have sent money.
I sent Mary money.	I sent money to Mary.
I sent the money to Mary.	I sent money to Mary.
I worked on the project in the city on Sunday without interruption.	I worked on this project in the city on Sunday without a break.
I praised Mary.	I praised Mary.
The moon shines in the darkness.	The moon shines in the dark.
The moon shines.	The moon is shining.
I sang a song with Mary and you were with Bill.	I sang a song with Mary while you did a song with Bill.
The song that Mary and Bill sang together.	What Mary did to Bill was singing a song.
She tried to leave	She tried to go
Who said he would hand over his cloak to Li?	Who Said He'd Give Lee the Cloak?
Jenny said which book Anson wrote about herself.	What book did Jenny say about herself that Anson wrote?
Paul has 8.8 billion 636,334,444,900	Paul had contributed eighty-eight billion sixty-three million forty-four thousand nine hundred
The boy thought she was happy.	The boy thought she was happy.
Landlord donated helicopter	The landlord donated a helicopter
Most dragons have been sterilized.	Most of the dragons were castrated.
Who did you meet when you were in Delhi?	Who did you all meet when you were in Derry?
Jason convinced Medea to abandon her family.	Jason persuaded Medea to leave her family.
Michael abandoned an old friend at the carnival	Michael left an old friend at Mardi Gras
The king's friends are the same	You friends of the king are all the same
He is the kind of actor	He is such an actor
Medea tends to appear evil.	Medea seemed angry.
He will do it	He has to do it
Nathan received the cloak from Benjamin	Nathan received the cloak from Benjamin
The world is obviously round.	It is obvious that the world is round.
After the son left, Poseidon began to cry.	Poseidon cried after the hangman left.
I asked who was Medea poison.	I asked who poisoned Medea.
I never like his analysis.	I never liked his analysis.
I may have eaten some nori.	I might have eaten some seaweed.
There seems to be a problem with this solution.	There seems to be a problem with this solution.
Julie became very fond of Lloyd.	Lloyd loved what Julie became.
Bill did not defeat the gods, but Gilgamesh defeated the gods.	Bill did not defeat the gods, but Gilgamesh did.
Aphrodite releases animals	Aphrodite frees animals
Medea (James Medea) was poisoned.	Medea, Jason poisoned.
Emily looked at Benjamin in the mirror.	Emily herself showed Benjamin in the mirror.
Jason was killed by Medea.	Jason was killed by Medea.
How do you eat cake?	How did you eat the cake
I asked Medea who was poisoned.	I asked who poisoned Medea.
Aphrodite wants to live, Ishtar tries	Aphrodite wanted to live and Ishtar tried
I am not sitting under the tree but under the bush	I wasn't sitting under the tree, but under the bush
The child cried	The child whines
Gilgamesh has not left	Gilgamesh didn't leave
Dracula thought he was the king of darkness.	Dracula thought he was the prince of the dark.
He looked up.	He checked the number.
She has kissed her.	She kissed her.
Agamemnon prevented Jason from casting spells	Agamemnon stopped Jason from casting the spell
People like to eat some disgruntled old pigs in those ditches.	People love to eat some angry old pigs in these trenches.
Jason whispered that Phoenix has escaped	Jason whispered that the phoenix had escaped
Ron must have bought a dog.	Ron definitely bought a dog.
Who does Plato love the most?	Who is it obvious that Plato loves.
The photo of Jenny wearing rubber clothes did not flatter her.	The picture of Jenny in a rubber dress does not flatter her.
He might go	He could go
Benjamin gave Li Cloak, and the Holy Grail gave Nathan.	Benjamin handed the cloak to Lee and Nathan the chalice.
The monkey ate a banana	This monkey ate the banana
I bought a book about Harry	I bought a book about Harry
Who does Plato love the most?	To whom was it obvious that Plato loved?
I originally planned to have Jenny present.	I wanted to be there for Jenny.
I think she is pregnant	I think she is pregnant
It's very windy today.	It is extremely windy today.
Jason wants Medea to curse Agamemnon.	Jason would prefer Medea to curse Agamemnon.
Who did Athena introduce to whom?	Who did Athena introduce to whom?
Poseidon seems to have a dragon	It appears that Poseidon owns a dragon
I often eat muffins.	I have eaten muffins many times.
Gilgamesh can seek Ishtar	Gilgamesh can search for Ishtar
You kick yourself	You kicked yourself
Agamemnon seems to have left.	Agamemnon seems to have left.
The dragon ate all the pigs.	The dragons had all eaten the pigs.
Anson shot a dinosaur in the jungle with a rifle	Anson shot the dinosaur with his gun in the jungle
I often eat muffins.	I have eaten muffins many times.
He kicked himself	He kicked himself
Gilgamesh has not read the cuneiform script.	Gilgamesh did not read the cuneiform tablets.
He might do it, right?	Maybe he could do that, right?
I intend to have Jenny present.	I wanted Jenny to be there.
Homer persuaded who read the poem about Achilles?	Whose poem about Achilles did Homer convince Jason to read?
Jason wants Medea to curse Agamemnon.	Jason would prefer Medea to curse Agamemnon.
I asked who Medea gave?	I asked who gave what to Medea?
I totally hope you can beat him.	I have every hope that you will defeat him.
Paris no longer	Paris is no longer
He will do it	He will make it
We believe that he is the principal	We thought he was the headmaster
Who kisses who?	Who kissed whom?
Who said you want John to leave early?	Who did you say John thought he'd go early?
Cassandra once again warned Agamemnon.	Cassandra has warned Agamemnon again.
Gilgamesh has been fighting the dragon.	Gilgamesh fought the dragon.
Photo of Jane Lucy	Lucy's photo of Jane
Who did Jason think Medea had poisoned?	Who did Jason Medea think was poisoned?
Gilgamesh may soon be enchanted	Gilgamesh may have cast the spell quickly
The potion boiled	The potion boiled over
A new actor arrived.	A new actor arrived there.
I eat fruit	I have eaten fruit
I hope you can beat him.	I hoped you would defeat him.
Who can be sure to leave first?	Who seems to be safe to go first?
His hen loves Anson.	Anson loves his hen.
I ate mango, and Gillian also ate.	I ate a mango and Gillian did too.
Why do you eat cake?	Why did you eat the cake
Maybe Gilgamesh should leave	Maybe Gilgamesh should go
I want to do	I want to make it
Jason intends to let him learn magic.	Jason wanted him to learn magic.
I went to the store to buy bread.	I went to the store to get bread.
I asked which king invaded which city.	I asked which king invaded which city.
We claim that Perseus killed Gorgon.	We claimed that Perseus killed the Gorgons.
Plato listened to DP Demosthenesnes' speech about Philip.	Plato listened to DP Demosthenes' speech about Philip.
The old house collapsed.	The old house collapsed.
how do you feel?	How do you feel?
Aphrodite missed Gilgamesh.	Aphrodite misses Gilgamesh.
Anson happily demonized David.	Anson happily demonized David.
The fact that Plato loved Astor proved his failure.	That Plato loved Aster proved to be his doom.
Does the potion not work?	Didn't the potion work?
Bill reading Shakespeare satisfied me	Bill's reading Shakespeare satisfied me
Every vampire sleeps.	Every vampire slept.
I may be leaving soon.	I could go soon.
The man I saw.	The man I saw left.
Because they hated him, the druid forced Jason to live in a cupboard	Because they hated him, the druids forced Jason to live in a closet
We kick ourselves	We kicked ourselves
Did Medea poison Jason?	Did Medea poison Jason?
Animals released by Aphrodite	Aphrodite freed animals
This book was donated to the hospital.	The book was donated to the hospital.
Medea poisoned more children than Jason.	Medea poisoned more children than Jason.
Nathan looked at Benjamin himself in the mirror.	Nathan showed Benjamin in the mirror himself.
It is obvious that Plato loves Aster deeply.	It was obvious that Plato loved Aster very much.
He kicked him	He kicked him
Jason expects doctors to treat Medea	Jason expected the doctor to treat Medea
Therapist's analysis of Lucy	Analysis of Lucy's therapist
where do you live	Where do you live?
Who showed what to whom?	Who showed what to whom?
Medea believes that Poseidon will breathe a sigh of relief after his son leaves.	Medea believed that Poseidon would be relieved after the executioner left.
The consul gave his consular gift.	The gift of the gladiator's consul in itself.
All dragons were killed.	All dragons were killed.
Gilgamesh should scratch Mandela slowly.	Gilgamesh should slowly tickle the mandrake.
Odysseus plans to hear the siren.	Odysseus wanted to hear the sirens.
Bill reads Shakespeare and Maureen singing Schubert to my satisfaction	Bill, who reads Shakespeare and Maureen and sings Schubert, satisfies me
The hunter's shot was loud.	The shooting of the hunters was very loud.
Truman Chong Johnson	Truman hit Johnson
He likes peanuts.	He loved peanuts.
The therapist analyzed Lucy	The therapist analyzed Lucy
Dracula considered himself a prince of darkness.	Dracula considered himself the Prince of Darkness.
Athena introduces Medea to Jason	Athena introduced Jason Medea
He won't do it, right?	He won't be able to, will he?
Anson is hard to please.	Anson is incredibly difficult to satisfy.
Everyone claims that the poison has been neutralized	Everyone has claimed that the poison has been neutralized
The monkey is eating bananas.	The banana is eaten by this monkey.
I want to kiss the pig	I want to kiss pigs
Write him a letter!	Burn letters to him!
His analysis of her is flawed	His analysis of her was flawed
Has the potion boiled?	Did the potion boil over?
I have never seen him.	I never saw him.
We all thought he was unhappy	We all thought he was unhappy
Which book are you reading?	What book do you read
The monkey is eating bananas.	This monkey eats the banana.
The bottle of water may have cracked.	This bottle of water may have cracked open.
Gilgamesh believes who has kissed Aphrodite?	Who did Gilgamesh think he kissed Aphrodite?
Paul has three things. . .	Paul had three things. . .
close the door!	Close the door!
I am not eating peaches but apples	I didn't eat a peach but an apple
Which poem did you listen to last night?	What poem did you hear last night?
I have sent 0 letters to Environmental Sanitation.	I have sent 0 letters to Environmental Heath.
Why did you kill Pegasus?	Why did you kill Pegasus?
Aphrodite releases animals	Aphrodite frees animals
Gilgamesh will seek Ishtar	Gilgamesh will look for Ishtar
I thought he was innocent	I assumed he was innocent
I was whipped	I am flogged
I will never do grammar again.	I will never syntax again.
The children cried	The children whine
Mary fell.	Mary fell.
I asked if we could leave early.	I asked if we could go early.
Benjamin put on his cloak and sent the book to Li	Benjamin gave the cloak and sent the book to Lee
Hera tried to look very happy.	Hera tried to be happy.
Every wish of the emperor was fulfilled immediately.	The emperor's every wish was immediately fulfilled.
Jenny ate the cake.	Jenny ate a cake.
Sheep crying	The sheep cry
He can’t do that, can he?	He can't do that, can he?
We think Aphrodite is omnipotent.	We believed that Aphrodite was omnipotent.
Which book about Ulysses you have read?	Which book about Ulysses did you say you would read?
Gilgamesh does not read cuneiform films.	Gilgamesh does not read the cuneiform tablets.
Jason convinced Medea to manage to escape.	Jason persuaded Medea to flee.
We think Aphrodite is omnipotent	We believed that Aphrodite was omnipotent
There may be a bottle of water.	That bottle of water might have.
I don't remember what I said?	I do not remember what I said?
Aphrodite was so mixed that it shocked other gods.	This Aphrodite was so promiscuous that the other gods were amazed.
I claim she is pregnant	I claimed that she was pregnant
David wrote, you said that Anson thought Julie fainted	David wrote that you said Anson thought Julie had passed out
It's raining	It rained
When the child arrived, Poseidon fell asleep.	Poseidon was asleep when the hangman arrived.
People in the garden	People are in the garden
Anson becomes happy	Anson was happy
Teaching grammar is difficult.	It is difficult to teach syntax.
There will be a party, will not it?	There's going to be a party, isn't there?
They brought the hat to the teacher	They took the hat to the teacher
Medea tried to poison her children.	Medea tried to poison her children.
Benjamin gave Cloak 0 and mailed the book to Li	Benjamin gave the cape 0 and sent the book to Lee
Man chuckles	The man giggles
Milena will make pasta.	Milena will make pasta.
Aphrodite released the animal	Aphrodite has freed animals
Gilgamesh should seek Istal	Gilgamesh should look for Ishtar
They depend on Mary.	They depend on Mary.
Humans like to eat old pigs.	People love to eat the old pigs.
Under the bed is the best place to hide	It's under the bed where it's best to hide
he left.	He went.
Her photo made Jenny happy.	Jenny likes the picture of her.
Keep reading Shakespeare to my satisfaction	I was satisfied with Shakespeare's constant reading
There is a dragon in the cave.	There was a dragon in the cave.
People like lard.	People like lard.
These are smuggled from Hungary.	These are supposed to be smuggled out of Hungary.
We donated the kitchen knife to the new hospital	We donated a helicopter to the new hospital
These expensive and illegal vermouth bottles will be smuggled from Hungary.	These expensive and illegal absinthe bottles are said to be smuggled out of Hungary.
A show about Euripides will be broadcast on Radio 4 tonight.	A broadcast on Euripides can be seen on Radio 4 tonight.
Lucy's analysis is the most successful	Lucy's analysis was the most successful
Medea tried to poison her children.	Medea tried to poison her children.
I said we will go.	What I said was that we would go.
There are many fish in the sea.	There are many fish in the sea.
To whom did Jason give poisonous clothes?	Jason gave the poisoned clothes to whom?
Benjamin said he would run away, he did it.	Benjamin said he would run and he did.
Who is flying to Ithaca?	Who is sailing to Ithaca?
They sat on Mary.	They were sitting on Mary.
Julie wrote to herself.	Julie submitted letters to herself.
He looked up	He checked
Who is there?	Who's there?
He may not be able to	Maybe he couldn't have done it
Sheep crying	The sheep is crying
For Aphrodite, it seems impossible to be happy.	It would be impossible for Aphrodite to be happy.
If you want to steal the amulet from the witch, it will be dangerous.	If you stole witches' talismans, it would be dangerous.
Bill did not destroy the world.	Bill didn't destroy the world.
Both twins may have attended the party.	Both twins could have been at the party.
Plato loves Aster is obvious.	It was obvious that Plato loved Aster.
Pig unt	The pigs grunt
Lucy's analysis took longer than Gomez.	Lucy's analysis took longer than Gomez's.
I climbed the tree.	I climbed the tree.
I asked when we can leave.	I asked when we could go.
Where Alison and David soak their feet in the kitchen	Where Alison and David had soaked their feet was in the kitchen
Photo of Jane Lucy	Jane's photo of Lucy
I am satisfied with the continuous reading of Shakespeare	I was satisfied with Shakespeare's constant reading
She thought the poison had been neutralized	What she thought was that the poison was neutralized
Because she got the highest score, Medea was very happy	Medea was happy because she got the best grades
When will you arrive?	When did you arrive?
Determine which poisonous plants will be found in the Amazon region?	Which poisonous plant are we sure to find in the Amazon?
The annoying voice of the microphone salesman is ruthless.	The microphone seller's irritating chatter was relentless.
I knew Paris no longer	The Paris I used to know is no longer
Sam gave Lee the cloak and Matthew the Holy Grail.	Sam gave Lee the cloak and Matthew the magic goblet.
Gilgamesh ate honey	Gilgamesh ate the honey
I want to eat mango, so does Gillian.	I will eat a mango and Gillian too.
Last year, the toxicity of computer viruses has increased.	The virulence of computer viruses has increased in the past year.
On Trade, Anson dances frantically	At Trade, Anson danced extremely hectically
Richard is going to cut the wood.	Richard will chop wood.
Poems written by Homer.	The poem that Homer wrote.
Who drank the poison?	Who drank the poison?
Every idea of ??Evan is completely crazy.	Evan's every idea was completely crazy.
Sally is making scones, and Gillian is also making.	Sally does Scones and Gillian too.
Everyone claims that the poison has been neutralized.	Everyone claimed that the poison had been neutralized.
The arrival of Jason angered Medea.	Medea was angry that Jason had arrived.
Medea is very happy because she got the highest score	Medea was happy because she got the best grades
Keep your body clean!	Keep yourself clean!
Cassandra predicted the disaster again.	Cassandra predicted another catastrophe.
Bill's reading of Shakespeare satisfied me	Bill's reading from Shakespeare satisfied me
Who poisoned who?	Who poisoned whom?
Pigs like truffles.	Pigs love truffles.
Pig owner likes truffles	Pig farmers love truffles
The vampire moved so fast that we could hardly see him.	The vampire was moving so fast that we barely saw him.
Humans like to eat those pigs.	People love to eat these pigs.
Jason convinced Medea to receive medical treatment	Jason persuaded Medea to seek medical attention
Indeed, I might go to things other than parties.	It is true that I could do something other than go to the party.
Jason hopes Medea will get medical treatment	Jason expected Medea to be treated by the doctor
Moya said she likes football.	Moya said she liked soccer.
Anson as mayor	Anson became mayor
Kane ate the dirt.	Kane ate dirt.
Benjamin handed over the cloak to Nathan	Benjamin handed the cloak to Nathan
Poseidon ran away because the son murdered Hera.	Poseidon had run away because the executioner had murdered Hera.
There is a description of Aristotle in the book.	A description of Aristotle is in the book.
Julie and Jenny did it.	Julie and Jenny did it.
It's quarter past four.	It's quarter past four.
The owner of the pig likes truffles.	Pig owners love to eat truffles.
No one expects Agamemnon to win	Nobody expected Agamemnon to win
Euclid was interested in the geometric description of Plato.	Euclid was interested in Plato's description of the geometry.
Who did Medea poison?	Medea poisoned whom?
Which city will Philip invade?	what city the claim that Philip would invade.
I haven't left	I haven't left yet
Who ate the cake?	Who ate the cake?
Why do you want to leave?	Why did you say you go
Michael left Meg	Michael left Meg
Shakespeare's reading satisfied me	I was satisfied with Shakespeare's reading
No one expects to win.	Nobody expected to win.
Bear sniffing	The bear sniffs
It hangs on the wall.	It was hanging on the wall.
Knowing yourself!	Know Yourself!
Agamemnon tried to perform well.	Agamemnon tried to behave well.
Julie thinks he is there	Julie felt there
He considered Dracula to be the king of darkness.	He thought Dracula was the prince of the dark.
I've already eaten	I have already eaten
I haven't left yet.	It is not true that I still left.
By now I should have been a helicopter.	I could have been flying helicopters now.
I asked Medea if she poisoned Jason.	I asked if Medea poisoned Jason.
Who did you persuade?	Who did you persuade to go?
What did you get for Christmas?	What did you get for Christmas?
Those disgruntled old pigs in the ditches like truffles	Some angry old pigs in these trenches love truffles
Jason was killed.	Jason was killed.
Gilgamesh is in the dungeon.	Gilgamesh is in the dungeon.
Anson will attend the party.	Anson will come to the party.
Gilgamesh never flew the dragon.	Gilgamesh has never flown a kite.
I never liked his analysis.	I never liked his analysis.
That bottle of water is possible.	That bottle of water could.
She took a picture of Phoenix	She took a picture of the phoenix
Who has Medea poisoned?	Whom did Medea poison?
I tried to get them.	I tried to get it.
To whom did you introduce Athena?	Who did you introduce Athena to?
Can I keep the screwdriver like a carpenter?	Can I keep the screwdriver like a carpenter?
Jason avoids casting spells	Jason refrained from casting the spell
Andrew likes lard on his sandwich	Andrew likes lard on his sandwiches
Who seems to have left first?	Who seemed to have left first?
Projection hierarchy:	Hierarchy of projections:
We decided to paint the bathroom with bright green lime green.	We decided to paint the bathroom in a bright light green color.
She kicked her	She kicked her
I believe there are three books on this subject.	I believed that there were three books on the subject.
Which girl ate the cake?	Which girl ate the cake?
Plato is known to live in Athens.	It was known that Plato lived in the city of Athens.
For you, this will be a mistake.	That would be a mistake for you.
I believe she is pregnant	I think she is pregnant
No one expected him to win.	Nobody expected him to win.
He won't do it, will it?	He won't be able to, will he?
Rafi slept very well, so did Gillian	Raffi slept well, as did Gillian
He must do	He has to do it
It may have cracked	It could have started
Where did Perseus see the reality?	Where did Perseus see the Gorgon?
Lost the scissors	The scissors are lost
Gilgamesh should slowly scratch Mandela	Gilgamesh should slowly tickle the mandrake
I believe she is pregnant	I thought she was pregnant
Anson gave fluff to Jenny.	Anson gave Fluffy to Jenny.
Very old and very smart owl.	The very old and extremely wise owl.
Owls hate evil bats and like smart eagles.	The owl hated the evil bat and loved the wise eagle.
No one can remove the blood from the wall	Nobody could remove the blood on the wall
Boys should go	The boys should all be able to walk
Anson (Anson) jumped extremely fanatically on Trade.	Anson danced extremely hectically at Trade.
Julie has a soft spot for Lloyd.	Julie loved Lloyd.
Li's youngest son and Liming's eldest son ran away.	Lee's youngest and Dawn's eldest son ran away.
Anson kicked the cat	Anson kicked the cat
Merlin is very evil.	Merlin is extremely evil.
Grammar is easy to pretend to be teachable.	Syntax is easy to pretend that you can teach.
I want to eat macaroni	I want to eat macaroni
Which poet wrote which song?	Which ode did which poet write?
Who drank the poison?	Who drank the poison?
Medea arranged to poison her child.	What Medea arranged was that her children be poisoned.
No one’s mother has baked anything.	Nobody's mother had baked anything.
What kind of actor is he?	What kind of actor is he?
What did she eat?	What did she eat
I often have a cold.	I often have a cold.
Maria, who said she would kiss and kick?	Who did Maria say that she would kiss and kick?
Where did they go on vacation?	Where did they all go for their vacation?
They ran across the hillside and through the woods	They came over the hill and ran through the forest
How fast do you eat cake?	How fast did you eat the cake?
There are many fish in the sea.	Many fish are in the sea.
They come first	They arrived first
People are playing on the beach.	People played on the beach.
Bear sniffing	Sniff the bears
His book	His book
He checked the phone	He checked the number
Did Jenny eat the cake?	Did Jenny eat a cake?
Which goddess helped us?	Which goddess helped us?
Medea killed Jason.	Medea killed Jason.
Ron will definitely buy a dog.	Ron will definitely buy a dog.
Do you want to know which king invaded which city?	Which king has entered which city?
No one expected Agamemnon to win.	Nobody expected Agamemnon to win.
Gilgamesh never flew dragons.	Gilgamesh never flies kites.
All the dragons were killed.	The dragons were all killed.
Amoeba coughs, then faints.	The amoeba coughed and passed out.
I want to sing	i want to sing
He will go	He will be able to go
Reading Shakespeare satisfied me	After reading Shakespeare, I was satisfied
Gilgamesh may seek Ishtar	Gilgamesh can search for Ishtar
Librarians like books.	The librarian likes books.
Alison and David soaked their feet after dinner	Alison and David watered their feet after dinner
Mary is faster than John.	Mary is faster than John.
Alison and David soak their feet in the kitchen	Alison and David soaked their feet in the kitchen
Did you see Mary?	Did you see mary
Raffi makes pasta, and David does.	Raffi made pasta, and so did David.
There seemed to be three people in the garden.	There seemed to be three men in the garden.
Jason who was murdered by Medea did not surprise anyone.	No one was surprised that Medea murdered Jason.
Moya's football team loves her	Moya's soccer team loved her
Jason convinced Medea that she should abandon her family	Jason persuaded Medea to leave her family
Shakespeare satisfied me with every reading	Every reading by Shakespeare has satisfied me
When the child arrived, Poseidon fell asleep	When the hangman arrived, Poseidon was asleep
They kick themselves	They kicked each other
Many vampires have become vegetarians.	Many vampires have become vegetarians.
John saw Stephen	John saw Stephan
I like Anson	I like Anson
The dragon is completely extinct.	The dragons are all just extinct.
Gilgamesh has no flying dragons.	Gilgamesh did not fly the kite.
Which goddess can help us?	Which goddess could help us?
Humans like to eat pigs.	People love to eat pigs.
What poem does Homer recite about Achilles?	Which poem about Achilles recited Homer?
Children should be able to go	The boys should all be able to walk
Shield to save Achilles' life.	The shield that saved Achilles' life.
Evan's all wishes	Evan is every wish
I wonder if Medea fled.	I wondered if Medea had fled.
I have finished eating my hat	I've already eaten my hat
Jenny swallows the flies	Jenny swallowed the fly
Flying car hits tree in the air	The flying car hit the tree in the air
I have a book.	I have a book.
Jason wants to defend the dragon	Jason thought of defending the dragon
It seems that Agamemnon is a lunatic	It seems that Agamemnon is a madman
We claim that Perseus has killed Gorgon	We claimed that Perseus killed the Gorgon
We need some technicians to help us.	We need a technician to help us.
I have been flying a helicopter for many years.	I've been flying helicopters for years.
Sam gave Lee the cloak and Matthew the Holy Grail.	Sam gave Lee the cloak and Matthew the magic goblet.
No Shakespeare's study satisfies me	No reading from Shakespeare has satisfied me
What did he answer?	What did he answer?
I asked which king invaded which city.	I asked which city which king marched into.
Raffi makes pasta with pesto, David also makes	Raffi makes pesto noodles and David does too
Eat dirty things!	Eat dirt!
Take care!	Take care of oneself!
Arthur handed the tapestry to Lancelot.	Arthur gave the tapestry to Lancelot.
We drove to town	We drove into the city by car
Benjamin handed the cloak to Li.	Benjamin handed the cloak to Lee.
Not reading Shakespeare makes me satisfied	Not reading Shakespeare satisfied me
Gilgamesh has not read Cuneiform Movies	Gilgamesh did not read the cuneiform tablets
After dinner, when Alison and David soaked their feet	When Alison and David soaked their feet it was after dinner
When you understand differential equations, the analysis of this problem will become easier.	Analyzing this problem is greatly facilitated if you understand differential equations.
Who asked which tourist took a picture of the statue?	Who asked which statue which tourist took a picture of?
Willow said she would kiss Tara and kick Xander.	Willow said that she would kiss Tara and kick Xander.
I climbed up the tree.	I went straight up the tree.
All dragons escaped.	All the dragons had escaped.
Who are you trying to force Jason to kill?	Who did you try to force Jason to kill?
I thought of the moon	I thought of the moon
I want to know if he left.	I wondered if he had already left.
I thought she was pregnant	I thought she was pregnant
I arranged for him to see her.	I made sure he saw her.
They walk through the woods on the mountain	It was over the hill and through the forest that they ran
You asked who saw what?	Who did you ask what saw?
Gilgamesh arrives	Gilgamesh arrived
The oil was scattered on the seashore.	Oil spread over the coast.
Jason asked if the potion was ready	What Jason asked was whether the potion was ready
Have you seen Mary? I have seen Mary	Did you see mary I saw Mary
It seems that Agamemnon is gone.	It seems that Agamemnon has left.
Those monkeys are eating bananas.	These monkeys eat the banana.
Anson tried to shave himself.	Anson tried to shave.
Don't allow yourself to sin.	It is not allowed to burden yourself.
Problem analysis has flaws	The analysis of the problem was incorrect
Which goddess helped us?	Which goddess helped us?
Poseidon seems to have left.	Poseidon appears to have left.
Does Agamemnon have a soft spot for Esther?	How much does Esther love Agamemnon?
Ron listened to a discussion in the lounge	Ron heard a discussion in the foyer
Students demonstrated this technology this morning	The students demonstrated the technology this morning
He walked up the hill.	He went up the hill.
Aphrodite said he released the animal and released the animal he made	Aphrodite said he freed the animals and freed the animals that he did
Did you drink the poison?	Did you drink the poison
It is unknown whether Agamemnon won.	It was unknown whether Agamemnon had won.
I often have a cold.	I often have a cold.
Did the magic work?	Didn't the magic work?
Anson thought Julie fainted	Anson thought Julie had passed out
Horse fell	The horse fell
Burn the letter to Peter!	Burn letters to Peter!
Elves pray	Genie intoned the prayer
Gilgamesh has no broom.	Gilgamesh did not fly with the broom.
Ron is likely to be online, isn't he?	Ron is probably on the web, isn't he?
Bill reads Shakespeare and Maureen's singing Schubert makes me satisfied	Bill's reading Shakespeare and Maureen's vocals Schubert satisfy me
Paul has an affair	Paul was having an affair
Poseidon seems to have a dragon	Poseidon appears to have a dragon
Both twins may have attended the party.	The twins could both have been at the party.
I should evaporate is my best dream	My best dream is that I should evaporate
What Gilgamesh might do is seek Ishtar	What Gilgamesh can do is look for Ishtar
You said Anson thought Julie fainted	They said Anson thought Julie passed out
Owls hate evil bats and smart eagles	The owl hated the evil bat and the wise eagle
What did John buy?	What did John buy?
Agamemnon forced Aphrodite to leave the school.	Agamemnon forced Aphrodite to leave school.
There is a description of Aristotle in the book.	The book contains a description of Aristotle.
Humans like to eat them.	People love to eat them.
Maybe Iphigenia will murder Oedipus before tomorrow.	Maybe Iphigenia murdered Oedipus by tomorrow.
To escape, Jason becomes invisible	So that he could escape, Jason became invisible
I asked Medea if she poisoned Jason.	I asked if Medea poisoned Jason.
Agamemnon prevented Jason from casting spells	Agamemnon stopped Jason from casting the spell
No one wants any cake.	Nobody wanted a cake.
I hope Jimmy can go with me.	I wanted Jimmy to come with me.
They should send Oedipus to Bis	You should have sent all Oedipus to Thebes
I asked Anson if he was happy	I asked Anson if he was happy
Daniel became blonde.	Daniel went blonde.
What I see is the person you want to meet.	It was the man I saw that you wanted to meet.
The photo taken by Gomez of Pugsley	The photo of Gomez von Pugsley by Lucy
I ate	I ate that.
Snowing	It snowed
Aphrodite said he will release the animal and release the animal he will release.	Aphrodite said he would free the animals and free the animals he wanted
That golden thread can tell Jason that his labyrinthine path is	It was that the golden thread would show Jason his way through the labyrinth
Julie and Jenny arrive first	Julie and Jenny arrived first
What did you eat?	What did you eat?
Who drank my whiskey?	Who drank my whiskey?
I originally planned to finish, then finish	I had planned to be done and I was done
Ron hopes to be fired.	Ron was expecting the sack.
I prove here that I care.	The fact that I am here shows that I am interested.
Gilgamesh misses Aphrodite	Gilgamesh misses Aphrodite
Everyone in Plato who likes Ziyuan seems to know it.	Everyone seemed to know that Plato loved Aster.
When eating with an evil crocodile, it is recommended to wear armor.	If you eat with evil crocodiles, it is advisable to wear armor.
Does magic work?	Did the magic work?
Who drank the poison?	Who drank the poison?
Benjamin said that he would give the cloak to Li, and then give it to Li.	Benjamin said he would give Lee the cloak and Lee give the cloak he did.
Jason becomes invisible, so he can escape	Jason became invisible so he could escape
Aphrodite can release animals quickly.	Aphrodite can quickly free the animals.
The horse gallops	The horse galloped
How quickly did the Greeks take Troy?	How quickly did the Greeks take Troy?
Some flying happy pigs love truffles	Some happy pigs who can fly love truffles
Julie feels entangled	Julie felt a stab in her arm
The wizard waved his wand and turned the beetle into beer	The wizard turned the beetle into beer with a wave of his wand
kick me!	Kick me!
We want to eat cake	We wanted to eat cake
Gomez's photo of Pugsley belongs to Lucy.	Gomez 'photo of Pugsley by Lucy.
All boys should go	All boys should be able to walk
During the debate, Julie insisted on her own ideas.	Julie kept her own ideas throughout the dispute.
The companion of the brave pirate and the terrible captain sank the big sailing ship.	The intrepid pirate and the fearful fellow captain sank the galleon.
Gilgamesh may not have read the cuneiform script.	Gilgamesh may not have read the cuneiform tablets.
Obviously, Plato's love for Aster is obvious.	It was obvious that Plato obviously loved Aster.
He loves him	He loves him
We all thought he was unhappy	We all thought he was unhappy
Anson believes in this report.	Anson believed the report.
I checked the phone.	I looked up the number.
No vampire is sleeping.	No vampire has slept.
After the child left, Poseidon cried.	After the executioner left, Poseidon cried.
Peter attends the party	Peter was at the party
He came very clearly.	It is clear that he is coming.
Where did they go on vacation?	Where did they all go on vacation?
Gilgamesh decides not to kill Ishtar	Gilgamesh decided not to kill Ishtar
Bill Shakespeare is satisfied with me	Bill, who read Shakespeare, satisfied me
Perseus saw Gorgon in the shield.	Perseus saw the Gorgon in his shield.
If the child killed Hera, Poseidon would escape.	Poseidon would run away if the hangman murdered Hera.
What do you say the poet wrote?	What did you say what the poet wrote?
I saw someone playing on the beach.	I saw people playing there on the beach.
I don't want any cake.	I didn't want a cake.
I should kiss the pig is my best dream	My best dream is to kiss pigs
Unfortunately, Ron Biology failed	Ron unfortunately failed biology
Man chuckles	The men giggle
I anticipate problems.	I was expecting there to be a problem.
Gilgamesh wanted to seduce Istal and seduce Istal.	Gilgamesh wanted to seduce Ishtar and seduce Ishtar, which he did.
Harry collapsed.	Harry collapsed.
I asked who saw what.	I asked who saw what.
He is very happy	He was happy
Before the son murdered Hera, Poseidon had already fled.	Poseidon had run away before the executioner killed Hera.
Merlin is a dangerous wizard.	Merlin is a dangerous wizard.
Anson saw Anson.	Anson saw Anson.
I want to eat macaroni.	I'm supposed to eat macaroni.
Before the child arrived, Poseidon had escaped.	Poseidon had fled before the hangman arrived.
Owners love truffles	Owners love truffles
Humans like to eat pig masters.	People love to eat pig farmers.
Those pigs like truffles	These pigs love truffles
I originally planned to finish now.	I had planned to be done now.
Does the potion not work?	Didn't the potion work?
My favorite is toast and dried tomatoes	What I love is toast and sun-dried tomatoes
Mary ran away.	Mary ran.
He replied that he was very happy.	He replied that he was happy.
No one can remove blood from the wall	Nobody could remove the blood from the wall
Julie thinks the bartender is sober.	Julie said the bartender was sober.
Benjamin gave Li Cloak.	Benjamin handed the cloak to Lee.
Aphrodite wanted Hera to persuade Athena to leave.	Aphrodite wanted Hera to persuade Athena to leave.
Gilgamesh is fighting the dragon.	Gilgamesh is fighting the dragon.
I said she was pregnant	I claimed that she was pregnant
For Jenny, I plan to attend.	I wanted to be there for Jenny.
Gilgamesh misses Aphrodite	Gilgamesh missed Aphrodite
She may be pregnant.	You could be pregnant.
Anson demonized David at the club.	Anson demonized David in the club.
Jason asked if the potion was ready	Jason asked if the potion was ready
Frida closed the door	Frieda closed the door
Medea may have given Jason a poison robe (as long as a poison robe is regarded as NP	Medea may have given Jason a poisoned robe (just treat a poisoned robe as an NP
Kiss Anson quickly!	Kiss Anson Quickly!
Julie feels hot	Julie felt hot
Agamemnon expected Esther to seem happy.	Agamemnon expected Esther to appear happy.
The answer is obviously upsetting Hermes.	Hermes is annoyed that the answer is obvious.
Does Homer recite poems about Achilles?	Homer recited the poem about Achilles?
No vampire can survive after sunrise.	No vampire can survive the sunrise.
Under the bed is the best place to hide	Under the bed is the best place to hide
Anson appeared	Anson appeared
There seems to be a problem.	There seems to be a problem.
I thought she was very happy	I said that she was happy
Who did Medea see?	Medea saw who?
No one expected Agamemnon to win.	Nobody expected Agamemnon to win.
I believe the world is flat, which gives us some comfort.	Believing that the world is flat gives you comfort.
Kick them!	Kick it!
Medea wants to know if the potion is ready	Medea wondered if the potion was ready
Who did you meet while in Delhi?	Who did you all meet when you were in Derry?
Whose speech did you hear?	Who did you hear a speech from?
Alison Lan	Alison ran
Romeo writes to Juliet.	Romeo sent letters to Juliet.
Richard gave the helicopter a gift to the hospital and a gift to the school bus.	Richard's gift of the helicopter to the hospital and the bus to school.
Nathan asked Benjamin to look in the mirror.	Nathan showed Benjamin in the mirror.
One. Madeleine planned to catch sardines, she did it.	a. Madeleine was going to catch the sardines and she did.
I do not understand.	I did not understand it.
Gilgamesh loves Istal, Aphrodite also loves	Gilgamesh loved Ishtar and Aphrodite too
We believe that he is omnipotent	We thought he was almighty
David ate mangoes, and Rafi ate too.	David ate mangoes and Raffi should too.
Julie and Fraser ate those delicious pies in Julie's back garden.	Julie and Fraser ate these delicious cakes in Julie's garden.
Old pig likes truffles	The old pigs love truffles
Boys should go	The boys should all be able to walk
Aphrodite quickly released the animal	Aphrodite quickly released the animals
Paul has two things	Paul had two things
All Alison and David do is soak their feet in the bucket	Alison and David soaked their feet in a bucket
Anson demonized David almost constantly.	Anson almost always demonized David.
Anson's hen nibbled his ears.	Anson's hen nibbled on his ear.
Before the son arrived, Poseidon had escaped	Before the hangman arrived, Poseidon had escaped
Gilgamesh did not leave.	Gilgamesh didn't go.
Elves make her tired	Genie intoned that she was tired
See all these books. Which book do you want?	Look at all of these books. Which book do you want?
I don’t remember what I said?	I do not remember what I said?
Pig unt	The pig grunts
People are stupid	People are stupid
What I arranged was for Jenny to be present.	I arranged for Jenny to be present.
I compared Ginger and Fred	I compared Ginger to Fred
Which poet wrote which carol?	Which poet wrote which ode?
How did Julie ask if Jenny left?	How did Julie ask if Jenny left?
Dracula thought he was the prince of darkness.	Dracula thought he was the Prince of Darkness.
I must eat macaroni.	I have to eat macaroni.
I asked who John would introduce to whom.	I asked who would introduce John to whom.
Reading Shakespeare satisfied me	Reading Shakespeare made me happy
Humans like to eat their masters.	People love to eat owners.
Gilgamesh is worried about death, as is Achilles	Gilgamesh fears death and Achilles too
What does Julie say about Jenny leaving?	How did Julie say Jenny left?
Read me a letter!	Show me letters!
Shakespeare's books satisfy me	Shakespeare's readings made me happy
Anson demonizes David every day.	Anson demonized David every day.
The students performed this morning	The students demonstrated this morning
We think Aphrodite is omnipotent.	We believed that Aphrodite was omnipotent.
Emily makes Benjamin look in the mirror.	Emily showed Benjamin in the mirror.
I will never eat such a thing again.	I would never eat anything like that again.
Where does he put the cake?	Where did he put the cake?
Jason convinced Medea to abandon her family	Jason persuaded Medea to leave her family
Gilgamesh may be leaving.	Maybe Gilgamesh should go.
Gilgamesh did not kiss Ishtar.	Gilgamesh did not kiss Ishtar.
It's easy to kill Gorgon.	It is easy to kill the Gorgons.
My strangest feeling is that I know you.	I had the strangest feeling that I knew you.
What did you get for Christmas?	What did you get for Christmas?
